(Intro: excerpt from interview with Dash Snow)
I'll tell you what I don't believe in, can I do that?
All right, I don't believe in the, in laws, or the system by any means, whatsoever
I try not to obey them at any time
That's what I believe in, not believing in
(So what keeps you alive?)
Four big bottles of water a day, two packs of Marlboro Reds and
Uh, what keeps me alive? Shit, um
Music, I have to listen to music all day long
I say that keeps me going
I'm a pretty dark person, I've thought about ending it a million times
And I have to say that music keeps me here, by far, the main thing

(Kendrick Lamar)
Thank you
Sitting in the studio thinking about which mood would go
Right now, freestyle or write down, whatever
And still I come up clever, I just need to free my thoughts
And Lord knows that I know better, but I ain't perfect
I ain't seen too many churches or know them testament verses
You should either hear me now or go deaf
Or end up dead, die trying and know death
Might end up dead, swallow blood, swallow my breath
Fuck a funeral, just make sure you pay my music respect nigga
I mean that from the bottom of my heart
You see my art is all I have, and victory tastes sweet
Even when the enemy can throw salt
Still knock 'em out the park like a fucking tow car
Let bygones be bygones, but where I'm from
We buy guns and more guns to give to the young
I'm living the life of a nigga trapped nigga
Inside the system, all you envision is trap niggas
My uncle doing life inside prison, he wasn't wrapped too tight
He told me rap about life, not rap, niggas
That's why I'm shaking my head when you rap dissing
My stomach start turning, my nerves get to twitching
I start evaluating, then my final intuition
Is that you wishing a come up, would just come up
We used to beefing over turf, fuck beefing over a verse
Niggas dying, motherfuck a double entendre
And this is Compton, lions in the land of the triumph
Wrap Saran our defiance, ban our alliance
Put burners in the hands of the black man
One hood with twenty fo'-fo's like a cloned Kobe Bryant
You probably heard I wanna be heard and wonder who I am
You probably even listen to "Faith" and think I know Zion
But really I'm just caught in the loop of understanding the truth
Because it seem like it's always clashing with science
I got a big fear of flying
My future so bright I'd probably go blind before I blink twice, I ain't lying
I swear to God half of y'all just don't know Kendrick
The school of hard knocks, we was the first ones in attendance
You walking down the block, he got shot, you wouldn't know I witnessed
You just mind your bidness
You just turn your head, kneel down, and then tie your tennises
It's kinda scary ain't it
You can't act like no bitch, that only got Tyler Perry famous
Just let me explain this, why you pick up that stainless?
Cause your pops wasn't anxious to see you when you hated him
So much, you probably had your burner tucked in graduation
Said if you see him on them bleachers then you kill him, facing
Twenty-five to life with a murder charge
Your enemies was the prey, and now you pray to God
I pray these bars get farther than Compton
And if my record never break I still won't break my promise, I promise to keep it honest
Secret society, all we ask is trust
And all we lack is communication like service sucks
The people scared of annihilation when Kingdom Come
And I'm like, the Kendrick Lamar O.D. in less than a month
All right? Gotta keep it pushing
Can't let the government tell me how my future looking
I'm on Rosecrans and Central trying to duck the central bookings
If the fucking pigs get behind me then you know I'm bucking, never will I surrender
I've been a warrior when I came out of my mom's placenta
In the gutter lane like I'm Master Splinter
How splendid, I guess my project had did it
Got all these niggas approaching their mixtapes different
They said seven tracks, I said fifteen
Called it an EP, they said I'm tripping
But little did they know, I'm tryna change the rules
That we've been confined to, so the corporate won't make decisions
Uppity bitches, handling bidness
Killing our dreams, stealing our vision
Out in Haiti adolescents barely have a home
In L.A. everybody think they fucking on
Hop on Twitter, perpetrate, we doing big shit
Who we hanging with, and bragging about the iPhone
I swear to God, most y'all cats just don't know Kendrick
You barely know yourself, so I guess most of y'all should be offended
Ain't doing this for my health, I'm just trying to purchase my momma them businesses
Occupy my time with riches, justify my time, ambition's
Just to coincide, just to go inside, books we idolize while we living
Look the mastermind, took the master's mind, just the perfect time, just to mastermind
Just to master grind with precision, look the mastermind, took the... [coughs]

We would like to call this an appreciation tape
For those who recognized the Kendrick Lamar EP
For this is the Kendrick Lamar O.D.
Because of you, we are Overly Dedicated(Chorus: Jhene Aiko)
Where are we going? Why are we slowing down?
Where are you going? We should be growing now

(Kendrick Lamar)
Smoke to it nigga, smoke to it nigga

(Kendrick Lamar)
That's what she said to me
That place I used to call home is just a bed to me
And we don't even sleep, neighbors can hear her weep
Meanwhile I'm in these streets with everybody
I'm trying to get it and she know they got me, I watch her feelings watch me
As they staring with the saddest eyes of loneliness
Look each other in the face and barely blink
I tried to make it right but the pen ran out of ink
So if my letters don't reach you, I hope these lyrics in sync

(Kendrick Lamar)
That's what it said to me
But that place I call ambition now dead to me
Gone and forgotten, I'm off track like Dale Earnhardt
My liver rotten, alcoholic tripping
Fucking bad bitches and they got bad intentions
Club night, guys and dolls
Balling out, but I'm bout to drop the ball
I'm calling out for help, my engineer called
Told me come to the studio, I wanna tell him nah

(Kendrick Lamar)
That's what he said to me
But that place we call Heaven unfair to me
Only a hundred and forty-four can go
Seven billion people on planet earth today
Is there something that I don't know?
I know to follow him, rather following people
Or follow vanity cause that means I'm following evil
Guess I'm following evil, I should follow cathedral
Blessings I need, but live like I don't need you

(Kendrick Lamar)
So in conclusion
We all seem to stumble, planning our own demise
Forgetting the big picture and making it wallet size
So to what's important in my life, I apologize
I promise to stay faithful, focused and sanctified
We all get distracted
The question is, would you bounce back or bounce backwards?
Would you not know how to act or take action? It's just a part of life
And if your vision's impaired, you probably lose it all tonight

(Jhene Aiko)
I'm trying to visualize how to get it right
But my vision's so blurry
Trying to slow it down, stay close to the ground
But we're always in a hurry now
And if I could make this world stand a little slower
Then I would, then we could grow a little closer
I think we're getting closer
I think we're getting closerI remember, uh
All my uncles, Sir Smokers
On the landra, in front of our building
They was my heroes

This shit is so dope you might wanna be my crackhead
This shit is so dope you might wanna be my crackhead
Bad bitches, crackheads, street niggas, crackheads
This shit is so dope you might wanna be my crackhead

Uh, and that's scary to me
Dope beat, dope flow, vary to me
Especially when Sounwave is on his Ps
Nigga cue me in, I'm a Peruvian drug lord
Don't fast forward, I'ma serve you some +keys+
This is crack cocaine, I'm Kurt Cobain
And I bang like a C-R-I-P
P-R-I-U, high you, I'm an I-V
This shit is so dope you might wanna be my crack... stop
I said an I-V 'cause when I be
In the studio, high shot, a needle in your vein
Take it in vain or itch till your eyeballs pop
I'm cold on the cold turkey, I hate chickens
But I do fuck pretty birdies, where your girl at?
Over the Pyrex where my world at

Uh, and that's scary to me
Every listener is a strawberry to me
You pussies ain't shit but venereal disease
Disease on K-Dot? Uh uh, better wake up
A nightmare, I'm right there like a Siamese
Twin, when you motherfuckers gon' learn?
Curl up like Big Worm when I drop
Who fly? I'm a red eye with eyedrops
I BIG, I 'Pac, you Chris, I +Rock+
That's pookie hom', New Jack head-first with a cyclops
I'm the first one to do that, I bet you never knew that
Back like a tailbone, who you got to tell on?
If it ain't about me, about hoe
Or be about face if you ain't no higher, learn it
There's soda in the pot and the fire, burning

Uh, and it's scary to carry
A smooth-type flow like a drink of Merlot
That'll freak y'all out like a girl Virgo
When I turbo on any track it's a Reynolds wrap
And I rap like a nigga who invented rap, rapping heat
You could fall to defeat if you don't pay your tolls
Like the limbs on your feet, I suppose
This is bigger than life
This is probably everybody Illuminatis
Guess I'm the blood sacrifice
Of the party, I undress her like a Harley
Lights will flash, cars will crash
Smoke more junk while the junkies laugh
So my bad if I put you in rehab
You are reimbursed, put it on my, tab

(Kendrick Lamar - over chorus)
Aw dude, you about to fucking O.D. broShe look better than Beyonce, Alicia Keys, Halle Berry, Miss Jolie
Where's she from? No I.D., that girl's an alien
And if I die before I wake, I pray that I'm in outer space
U-F-O fly away
So let's go-go-go-go, let's go-go-go-go
Let's go-go-go-go, let's go, let's go

(Kendrick Lamar)
Uh, she got me going, I'm all in
Fifty stories, I'm falling
Where you been? Is it planet Mars?
Far beyond the stars? Are you a Martian?
You're unfamiliar, but still I feel ya
Energy is sending me toward the ceiling
I'm high now, are you up there?
If you was, I would climb every other stair
I gotta stare, I mean wow
And I'm wowed, no one compares
A one-on-one, you must have won
Every pageant in America when you was young
Lips, hips, hair drip down her back crazy
Body frame crazy, insane, crazy
The only girl that can make time, then make me stop

(Kendrick Lamar)
Uh, so now we on, so now we gone
Living in the city of the unknown
I show her off, I stunt with her
We do it sweet, they look bitter
Look at her get up, I hear 'em say
But why him? I hear 'em hate
I laugh at it, rather than jab at it
Then continue eternal life as a crack addict
'Cause I'm addicted, and you the drug
Cold turkey? No sir
Gotta be an odyssey from Heaven way above
You definite, not probably, I gotta give it up
Lips, hips, hair drip down her back crazy
Body frame crazy, insane, crazy
The only girl that can make time, then make me stop

(Kendrick Lamar)
You something different
I'm glad I found you
So pretty
I'll never do anything to hurt you(Female crying)

(Kendrick Lamar)
Uh, yeah [3X]
Uh
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people...
I'm inspired, so get inspired

And so he said, why you gotta be so kind-hearted?
Why you couldn't be a con-artist? Why you couldn't
Why you couldn't be mischievous or just a lil' devious
The moment that we first started?
Why you never ask for nothing, just a lil' time?
Why you let me use yours 'cause I don't got mines?
Why you always lift me up when I'm completely giving up?
Or when niggas holler what's up, you give a dry response?
Why you giving me your last, knowing you ain't got it?
Why you always buy me something when you going shopping?
Why you tell me that you love me? Why you always thinking of me?
Want my company rather than going club hopping
Why you treating my momma like she your momma too?
Why you making promises that you'll forever do?
Whatever just to make me happy, wanting us to have a family
These are exactly the reasons why I cheat on you, sometimes

(Chorus: Kendrick Lamar (Javonte))
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
(Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall?
Where do we seem to fall?
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there)

(Kendrick Lamar)
And so she said, why you gotta be so mean to me?
Why you don't know what you mean to me?
Why you always playing games? Why I feel like you ashamed
Out in public, curse me out and make a scenery?
Why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?
Why text messages popping up saying hi daddy?
Why you treat me like I'm nothing? Why you always at a function?
I be wanting to go out but you don't never ask me
Why you slip and say her name when we having sex?
Why you always assuming that I still love my ex?
Every time we get into it, I'm the one that's feeling stupid
You don't need me, you gon' leave me, that's your favorite threat
Why you never know how it feel to be lonely?
Why I feel I'm the last option after your homies?
Why you always gotta know that I will never let you go
Even though you get violent and put your hands on me? Sometimes

(Outro: Lamont Carey "She Says She Loves Me")
She says she loves me, she says she loves me
So she clings to me even when I want to be left alone
But she's beautiful
Like sometimes when I have things on my mind, she's the perfect person to listen
And she only gives advice, she says when I give her a cue
She says she loves me
Like when I wake up in the morning
She's sitting on the edge of the bed with a plate of food, wanting to feed me
She says she needs me, she says she loves me
Or like when I'm stepping out of the shower
She's standing there with the towel, wanting to, wanting to dry me off
She says, she says she loves me
So instead of admitting that she has made another mistake
She says, she says she loves me
And I don't know about love(Female)
I used to want to be like Michael Jordan
Figured I would hit the NBA and make me a fortune

(Chorus 1: Kendrick Lamar)
Uh, every time I'm in my city I be hacking like my shit don't stink
Used to clean my Rollie chain with alcohol in the sink
Riding round with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumping "Me Against the World", hello world, Kendrick here
And I'm too/two much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too/two much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too/two much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes
Michael Jordan
Bounce-bounce hoe, bounce-bounce

(Kendrick Lamar)
This shit make a nigga wanna get some bread or bust a head
Or fuck my enemy's bitch, acting bad and getting rich
Pull up on them twenty-sixes, I'm a vanity slave
I'm a sinner, Jesus Christ, please forgive me for my ways
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
And I don't know why you fuck niggas can't see
I'm a Comp-town representer, concrete backflipper
A.K.A. that nigga, don't worry
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
And I don't know why you fuck niggas can't see
This is HiiiPoWeR, since the Eddie Bower I've been popular
I'm popping now, every other hour, paparazzi come
You jocking her, let her be a hoe, why you stopping though?
We stopping the traffic, what you know 'bout them hockey pucks?
Skating on 'em, why you hating on 'em? You should learn from 'em
See too many of y'all getting money, know my turn coming
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
And I don't know why... "Hey, wait a minute motherfucker"

(Chorus 2: Kendrick Lamar)
Every time I'm in my city I be feeling like my shit don't stink
Used to clean my Rollie chain with alcohol in the sink
Riding round with niggas that I grew up with since McNair
Bumping "Me Against the World", hello world, Kendrick here
And I'm too/two much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too/two much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
I'm too/two much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes
Michael Jordan bitch, Michael Jordan bitch
Michael Jordan bitch, Michael Jordan bitch
That means I'm too/two much for these niggas, I'm three much for these hoes
Wayne told me that, and that's just how it goes

(Kendrick Lamar)
Man, the game chose me, what am I to do?
Only thing I did wrong was make it possible
I diddy bop and make them titties pop
Out there on my bumper like a city cop
Walking down to Fred Segal, put my girl on it
Ass so fat, probably sit the world on it
Ay, pussy crazy, pussy crazy
You fuck niggas, you pussies crazy
Man, I know I can't tell you 'bout the world homie
But I know I can tell you bout your girl homie
Her pussy's crazy, her pussy crazy
I fucked nigga, I know you hate me
I know they pay me, too much of attention
Bring my name up, it gotta be mentioned
I need me an engine that go real fast
Call it "Haul of Fame", once it haul ass
Give me tall glass, Coconut Ciroc
Please no soda pop, I make my solo pop
Life's a bitch, her pussy crazy
But I make that pussy pay me

(Schoolboy Q)
I remember tripping, walking through the set like my Glock don't think
Grandma in the kitchen, neck bones in the sink
I don't know why your bitch wanna fuck me
And I don't why you sucker niggas can't see
I'm from Hoover mayne, high as Supermayne, shit you Lois Lane
You pussy mayne with the pussy game, shit we off the chain
We popping ay, fortune, not the fame, shit you backwards mayne
You chasing hoes, we replacing those, bag and pass them hoes
Your broad that chose, yes she moving on, yep we do it wrong
We fuck the homes, fuck the center home, marijuana strong
You know I'm gone, turn my swagger on, am I swagged enough?
My paper long, yep you left alone, you gets none fucks
Leaning off the Actavis, passing blunts round and round
Told Mary/merry was a (go), so we passed her (round) and (round)
Your bitch texted me, wants it now, so I had to knock her down
Work her bouncing on my balls, slinging dick up from the mouth
You let it slide, I hit home-runs, clean her dugout till I'm done
I can be her number two and you can be her number one
Her pussy's crazy, her pussy's crazy
You fuck niggasLord forgive me

Kill him where he stand or stand over him shake his hand
Then jump back in that mini van, double back to his block
And blam I ain't backing down for nothing
I'm a back 'em down like Shaq with this black 2-2-3 in my hand
Better pray that this chopper jam, like a radio single, man
Police radio signals sayin' that a 187 land on your corner,
Coroners comfort your mama, mama he's dead,
The next morning high toasted up with my homies
We drink and smoke marijuana, want us to change our ways? Uh-huh
You see this game we play come from uncles that raised me in Compton
Ask me what I have accomplished
I don't know I don't have conscience
I just load up and start dumpin' on enemies I'm head hunting
No sympathy, ain't no love when you in these streets just get something
Protect ya neck 'cause they comin' for set respects split your onion
Then chop your deck your head tumblin' like gymnastics
Cause ignorance is bliss

This the hardest shit you've heard from LA this far
And I'm this far, from a discharge but never will I dish off
We all tryna ball and when I got the rock I'll dish off
Until the day I pistol whip you posers till y'all pissed off
Then peel off, in a hooptie
Come back and make these niggas wanna shoot me
And they bitches wanna salute me or seduce me
Indubitably I'm too street
Indubitably I'm a do me
Better than your bitch would
But you niggas too weak, but just give me 2 weeks
And I'm good
I'll make an album that'll put a smile on Malcolm
Make Martin Luther tell God I'm the future for Heaven's talent
No tarot card reading I'm foreseeing you niggas vanish
Not only from the rap game, I'm including the planet
Cats so watered down clowns can sink Titanic
Tie titanium around their neck and watch 'em panic
Give me respect, dammit, or get damaged
Die young, corpse identified by your parents
Apparently you a parrot
Mocking me and my blueprint
But I won't share it just make you cop it then call you a sheriff
Stop it, I'm hearin' the comments
The critics are calling me conscious
But truthfully, every shooter be callin' me Compton
So truthfully, only calling me Kweli and Common?
Proves, that ignorance is bliss

And this still the hardest shit you've heard from LA this far
And I'm this far, from a discharge but never will I dish off
This my world, I grab the universe then play kickball
And they wonder why these California earthquakes hit so hard
I'm so-Cal, you so called
Rappers need to go call
Ghostbusters to shoot busters I'm Casper when I go off
I show up, to show out to show off
You a hundred percent behind me
And if you hard then wreck your car and walk up to my crime scene
I remember being 17 wishing someone would sign me
Now the only way these labels get me back is when they rewind me
Backin' down boggins
Backin' down bitches
We gon' flip her once she off that blue dolphin
You gon' tip her
Cause ignorance is bliss
And Willy B I'm a fool on yo beats, I bleed out the speaker
As the speaker that spoke when they done speak(Kendrick Lamar)
This is me thinking at 4:43 AM, June 6

Sometimes I wanna say fuck rapping, I need money now
Like should I start trapping? If what I write down
Don't connect this very moment, then I'm on it, no question
In the streets my niggas is well connected, let's see
Do I cop a pound of kush, Promethazine or push some E?
Oxycontin have laying on soft cotton when I sleep?
This is deep as the abyss, I'm not just rhyming on the beat
I be in spots chopping the rocks like flintstone feet
This is me frustrated, battling my own evils
Finna saddle up that work, across Ohio in a Geo
Or should I sell my music .zip to buy your zip
And hope one day it flourish to a kilo, track record of a hustler
Rather records on the needle, making music
Clocking fast bank like a shot from Patrick Ewing
My nigga, what you doing on these corners with me?
"I thought you had a show?" Well I guess my nigga, I didn't
I'm tryna get this dough and easy money sounds tempting
Especially when your homies pushing V8 hinges
Twenty-two on twenty-sixes, Range Rovers rolling up
Three-fifty for an ounce of fire, I hope I got enough
This industry calling my bluff, I need a new solution
Curve-serving, know I might be in your store boosting
Two-elevens with MAC-11s like fuck Hip Hop
Don't wanna be Pun, don't wanna be B.I.G., don't wanna be 'Pac
Just give me your funds, A.K.A. everything that you got
Or everything getting shot, for nothing
Leave you in shock, coughing up blood and mumbling
Watch, the plans of a young man sponsor
Moving grams like relocating your mom's momma
Then expand to the Hoover dam, water
Sherm, contraband, they yearn for the butt-naked
Fuck a verse, verses get let off in thirty minutes, six seconds
I disperse to the world of unruly, where I put the mic down
And pick up a sack and a toolie, if you knew me
You'll know I always had a passion for riddle when writing
But lately I've been thinking bout taking chances to brighten
My future financially, so please don't be mad at me
I gotta do what I gotta do, no shit
So I tell my nigga front me, let me put it on the strip
Then give it back when I think about the consequence, shit

(BJ the Chicago Kid)
There are times, when you need someone
I will be by your side
Oh darling, cause there is a light that shines
Special for you, and me yeah
I-take-I-take-take my chances-chances-chances
Before they pass, they pass, they pass
Pass me by, oh darling
You've got to look at the other side

(Kendrick Lamar)
R.O.T.C., or Right On Time Conscience(Kendrick Lamar)
One time
Reporting live, Compton, California

Have you ever felt like, like you never get life?
Like you never get right? Sort of like a black sheep
Back down, backing out your dreams like some bad sleep
Chasing for the win but you never win the track meet
Oh, what a cold world for a broke nigga, it's bitter
And life's a bitch, don't hit women so I bit her
I struck enough pain, let her know I wasn't playing
I was so (Sincere) like Nas' first name
And back, they'd tell me, it's very difficult to see twenty-five
And if I survive I probably wouldn't sell it
My opportunities are low because my brown complexion floats
In the ghetto, rather in some heals like Giuseppe's
They want me unemployed, until I hit the streets
For filling voids of broke D-boys selling weed
Fucking up my prestige, till I live with the blues
B.B. King or the neighbors of Snoop

(Chorus: Kendrick Lamar (Ash Riser) {uncredited female})
That's why I'm in the club like fuck it though
They say it's only one life, life, life
And if you say I can't live comfortable
I'ma tell you that's a lie, lie, lie
So while I hold this bottle of Ciroc with a hand full of ass
Celebrate the very day that I get past
(Through the barbed wire)
{We are, we are fighters
We are, we are true
Through the, through barbed wires
We will, will break through}
So while I hold this bottle of Ciroc with a hand full of ass
Celebrate the very day that I get past
(Through the barbed wire)

(Kendrick Lamar)
Have you ever felt like, like you never get life?
Like you never did right? Sort of like a black sheep
Tryna get away from the world stereotype
Barbed wire got a barricade on your destiny
She desperately in need of some inspiration, see what the people saying
She gon' have a baby, then flee from her education
At the age of sixteen, credit card scam schemes
See a scar on her eye, boyfriend brutality
She will never get by, no how, no way
Welfare recipient, property of the state
Housing, Section 8, corner store, prostitute
The owner bout to prosecute, the niggas tell her that she cute
Hoodrat trashy, six baby daddies
And this baby daddy is new to the family
Chilling in pajamies, waiting on the first
Fast-forward, spilling drinks on her fur

(Chorus: Kendrick Lamar (Ash Riser) {uncredited female})
That's why she in the club like fuck it though
They say it's only one life, life, life
And if you say she can't live comfortable
She gon' tell you that's a lie, lie, lie
So while she up in V.I.P. pouring Merlot in her glass
Celebrate the very day that she get past
(Through the barbed wire)
{We are, we are fighters
We are, we are true
Through the, through barbed wires
We will, will break through}
So while she up in V.I.P. pouring Merlot in her glass
Celebrate the very day that she get past
(Through the barbed wire)

(Kendrick Lamar)
Have you ever felt like you finally got life?
You finally got right? No longer a black sheep
Living off your (dreams) like Christina uh-Milian in the front seat
Of a convertible, eloping to get married
What a feeling of overcoming the odds
It's like you just hit the lottery, my God
There must be a God, cause golly
You done made it through the fight while squabbling, Ali
Now your lifestyle's looking up and you escaped the crooked cops
And you ain't have to kill a nigga just to make a couple bucks
And she ain't have to go and fuck on everybody for a dollar
Making good decisions, got an independent business mind
And both of y'all are steady grinding, doing it the legal way
Just tryna make a decent pay on every second of the day
But they won't give you the credit, disses out they mouth
You must have joined the Illuminati just to ball out

(Chorus: Kendrick Lamar (Ash Riser))
In the club like fuck it though
They say it's only one life, life, life
And if you say they can't live comfortable
They gon' tell you that's a lie, lie, lie
So even if you overcame doubt and your living ain't bad
Know it's some barbed wire that's always in your path
(Through the barbed wire)

(Kendrick Lamar)
Just laugh, then everybody say

(Ash Riser)
'Cause I won't get caught again
And I'm here to start the trend
You can't catch me if you try
Disappear into the night, and I'm gone

"So you made it past all the barbed wires?"
Just one more left [gun shot]The hardest thing for me to do
Is to get you, to know me, within sixteen bars
That's the hardest thing

Who is K. Dot? A young nigga from Compton
On the curb writing raps next to a gun shot
On the corners where the gangsters and the killers dwell
The fraudulent tender scars that get unveiled
Everyone I knew was either crip or piru
Cousins in elementary, relatives in high school
With that being said, each one of their rivals
Was aiming something at my head, I needed survival
Got jumped, got jacked, shot at, shot back
And I don't even push a line, I'm just tryna push these rhymes
In the midst of staying neutral and discrete
My momma said you're judged by the company you keep
But what you can consider, that if it goes down
They'll kill you if you kill me, it gets deep nigga
So if you ask what I'm doing
I'm tryna duck the influence of my city that's blue-and,.. real talk, and

This is why they fuck with me (real talk nigga, believe it)
This is why they fuck with me (do what I do, y'know?)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (know that)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

I was walking from Centennial
When an unidentified vehicle rolled up, and I was like hold up
Where you from? "How-bang"
Where you stay? "Westside", that's a piru gang to be exact
Well aware they had blue across they hat
Dropped backpack and ran inside of the cul-de-sac
Shots rang out, hoping to God I wasn't wet
Crossed to cross Rosecrans and ran inside of the yet
Chirped the homies on the hot ninety-five, they said they already knew
What happened, and meet 'em outside the garage
Never seen that many guns in my life
I was paranoid like a fiend in the night, but needed revenge
Grabbed the nine-ball, opened up the door, then got in
Somebody said fall back, we gon' make these niggas suffer
You my brother like a frat, and that's just to remind you
Thought about that so long I had failed my finals, fuck, but

This is why they fuck with me (I told you nigga)
This is why they fuck with me (you fake nigga)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (you fake)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

I don't do black music, I don't do white music
I do everyday life music
Give 'em cuts like a nigga pierced a knife through it
You say you through, but I've been through it, now that's cold
And this is for my county building children
In Hub City on hubcaps, no power-steering
I use perseverance in this mad city
Where the niggas drink Remy and hold semis for cutthroats
Bernie Mac died, it's no joke
Don't ask why if you don't know about these killers and thieves
Seven grams of weed, you smoke that, but I'm high off life
I could fall out the sky like twice
And land in the land of the AKs
And the minivans where the fan never on
'Cause it's hotter than a lunatic's underarms in a straitjacket
In other words, we get it cracking, but I keep it cool, y'know?

This is why they fuck with me [laughs]
This is why they fuck with me (real talk)
I'm no gangster, no killer, I'm just your average Joe (come on)
But one thing you should consider, I'm the realest you know

So there you have it
But I'm a leave you with this
An OG once told me
A real gangster is either dead or in jail
Or behind the scenes getting real money
I'm goneH.O.C., H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
H.O.C., H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
H.O.C.

Everybody know I spit that hunk of shit
Shit that make you duck for cover shit
Shit that make you hop out your seat and slap your mother shit
Especially when Drop drop the beat
I drop jewels like my nuts dropped out of my briefs
Jump in the booth, then shatter every rapper's dream
They jump in a sauna because I killed their self-esteem
That's a jab, you should bob and weave
Like Pam when Martin pulled jokes out his sleeve
I go in studio sessions and feel like a nerd
'Cause I'm the only nigga there not smoking no herb
You telling me the kush make you think on level four?
I'm on five, you saying I can level more?
In high school, my teachers thought I was smoking stress
Didn't know my eyes low cause of genetic defects
I stimulate my mind every time I think about the end of time
Creation of man and Columbine

Bet you think that this some high shit that I wrote
Probably think I'm off the kush or the hydro
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I really appreciate that you share your endo
But a sip of Henny is the farthest I would go
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke
I don't even smoke, I don't even smoke

Look, nowadays everybody think they big chiefers
Just 'cause they heard that new tape from Wiz Khalifa
Knowing damn well they can't hit the sour
They new booties, they probably need baby powder
My skill shower over your city for forty days
Forty nights, off the chain like freedom of slaves
Before you get it twisted like forty gays
My flow worth the earth, that's not to be appraised
Those the type of lines that I'm talking bout
You know, the type of rhymes you don't talk about
Copy my session on a disc when the session ends
So my mama can have it and play it for her friends
Brag on me like my son's bout to win
Somehow, someday, and I don't care when
I might hit the gin once a month
I'll let you inhale/in hell, like an atheist

Uh, I'll take you back to the ninth grade
When Dough Boy had me high for four days
That's my nigga, he a street nigga
Probably in your hood fucking up your street nigga
But anyway, I think it was some purple
Told me don't hit it hard because it'll hurt you
I didn't listen, I was floating like the Rose Parade
Swear to God a nigga seen some flying fishes
That was the Vegas trip Hooters sponsored
The same time I start writing like a fucking monster
I'm Frankenstein every time this motherfucker ponders
Just underline every letter
Capital K-D-O-T, letting it flat out
Like a tire with slow leaks, and what you bout?
Nothing huh? Am I square 'cause I don't puff a square?
Are my raps too blunt to hit the blunt? Yeah

(Kendrick Lamar (screwed))
H.O.C., H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C. (Bitch I'm blowed!)
H.O.C., H.O.C. (Bitch I'm blowed!)
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.
All the real smokers give me H.O.C.Uh-uh-uh, uh, uh-uh-uh, uh
Ali, you thirsty on Twitter [laughs]
You boo-boo, you T
You turned down, you thirsty
You boo-boo

Uh, I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna find myself, I'm searching deep for Kendrick Lamar
I read about Napoleon Hill and try to know God
They say he the key to my blessings
And if I speak the good into existence, that instant my dreams will unlock
Money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock
And by the way I'ma start, finding more light to shed
Like a small garage in your backyard
I'm back chilling with a friend of mine, she mighty fine
But I notice that her heart resides next to bitterness
Always hollering who she don't like, and who she kick it with
Who she wanna fight, who wearing a weave
Who Dooney and Bourke bag is fake, who holding the keys
To the car she drove last year, or who fucking on who
And who need a pap smear, getting on my nerves
But before your negative energy curve, bitch, I'ma cut you off

Cause every time you come around you be hollering that
Whoop-de-whoop, blase-blah
He say, she say, oh my God
Shut the fuck up... hoe
Every time you come around you be hollering that
Whoop-de-whoop, blase-blah
He say, she say

Uh, I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna surround myself with people that inspire me
Or at least inquire similar desires
To do what it T-A-K-E just to reach the T-O-P
I'm talking ideas, motivation
It's more than making enemies my nigga
Oh, that's not your memo? Then tell me why you constant stressing
On how much you well connected like centipedes my nigga?
I function with you and you flaunt your pistol
Every second tell me how you pressed him at the Monte Crystal
Where so-and-so from, and what neighborhoods beefing
Who baby momma's a rat, and who got killed last weekend
That shit is mad depressing, bringing me down
Speak on something with some substance that can get us both paid
Rather than telling me how these niggas jocking your style
Or his rims ain't bigger, pussy nigga, I'ma cut you off

Cause every time you come around you be hollering that
Whoop-de-whoop, blase-blah
He say, she say, oh my God
Shut the fuck up... scary ass
Every time you come around you be hollering that
Whoop-de-whoop, blase-blah
He say, she say

Uh, I'm tryna learn something new
I'm tryna better my chances of becoming a star
I'm tryna feel the vibe of Mona Lisa, studying art
Now paint that picture, life behind bars
Remember the very day I got caught?
I murdered a rapper, and you filed the police report?
See what I was taught, family is all I need
But indeed, them too can run me right up a tree
Constantly talking shit 'bout the next relative
Wanting me to take sides, but I'd never give in
Ever since grandma died everyone parted ways
Argue on holidays, left my uncle in prison
For fifteen years no one paid, him attention but moms
Yeah my momma as loyal as any sister would come
Come to my house just to yap about your own people, dang
And if your blood wasn't running through my veins
I would probably cut y'all off, too, yep

Cause every time you come around y'all be hollering that
Whoop-de-whoop, blase-blah
He say, she say, oh my God
Shut the fuck up... keep it running Ali
Every time you come around you be hollering that
Whoop-de-whoop, blase-blah
He say, she say

So tell 'em shut the fuck up
Tell 'em shut the fuck up
Yeah bitch you boo-boo, you T
You turned down, you thirsty
Tell 'em shut the fuck up
Tell 'em shut the fuck up
Yeah nigga you boo-boo, you T
You turned down, you thirsty
You thirsty, you boo-boo
You T, you turned down
You boo-boo, you T
You boo-boo, you turned down
You thirsty, you T
You boo-boo, you turned down
You boo-boo, you T
You turned down, you weak
You weak, yo' bitch weak
Yeah [laughs]
You boo-boo, you T [laughs]
Keep all that

What is HiiiPoWeR?
HiiiPoWeR is the way we think, the way we live
See it's known today that the human race is nothing
No moral, no standards
What we're about to do is raise the level of expectations
No you don't have to have a lot of money
You don't have to be rich
But you will be rich in mind and spirit
Some say it's as big as a crew, some say it's as big as a gang
HiiiPoWeR, we stand for it as if it's as big as a religionI miss you, where you been?
It's been months and I haven't heard from you, I need you
It's been months and I haven't heard from you, come back to me
Come back, I need you in my life
I miss you, I miss you, come back to me, I miss you

(Dom Kennedy)
What's up baby? It's been a while
You been good? I've been around
Different girls, different towns
To keep it real, you missing out
I'll all bored, next city
Random cars, TEC's with me
Like I miss you so much, have sex with me
Not right now, look you know I got the ex with me
She like fuck that, I don't care Dom
So selfish and that really isn't fair Dom
Meet me here, where Dom?
Get undressed, yeah Dom
Yeah Dom, what you need?
Some bomb head? A bag of weed?
Good food? Japanese?
That's me on page forty in that magazine
"Dom Kennedy" you need that
She said nobody come close, I agreed back
I'm the nigga who used to help her pull that weed back
And she need me, believe that

(Chorus: Javonte)
That girl is smoking
And can you believe that I'm her focus?
It ain't hard to see she got me open
And together, we are roller-coasting, on, on, on

(Kendrick Lamar)
What's up love? It's been a while
You been good? I've been around
Remember dinner dates I was late? Mr. Chiles
Truant like a student, you the principal
Schooled me on timing, we was both shining
Like the sun bouncing off the brightest blood diamond
I was Your Highness, you was my queen
You got over him when I got in between
Watching Martin on TV as it was T-D-S
For us to eat TV dinners every time we was famished
But it was such a pleasure to watch you try to hold it together
Every time I put the head in you would panic
And come right down like an avalanche
Make your legs slant, whisper till you juicing up your pants
Baby how that sound? Kosher, no sir
Wake it back up, Folgers posters
By my waistline, shout for your hard hit
You called it a hate crime, say you want me back
And your girl wanna date Dom, that's high school shit
4-0-1 K, we could be friends with benefits, you dig that?

(MURS)
I upped and walked out, now she crying 'cause
She need me, I got that John Bryan love
Had to find love, we called it punch-drunk
We was a two-piece, she was a one-punch
You know, a knock-out, and if she was to walk out
My heart would go black, shrivel up and drop out
There we go again, what the fuck you talking bout?
We used to fuck all the time back at my momma's house
Smoking beedies, laying on the futon
Memories I got saved up like a coupon
And we'd be too gone off a sack of stress weed
I was broke then, couldn't count the best weed
Then she would just leave in a black hatchback
Homies from the hood used to ask me if I'd tapped that
I would say yep, smiling so freely
That was back then, but I bet she still need me
She need me, she need me
She need me, she need me
I would say yes, smiling so freely
That was back then, I bet she still need me(Chorus 1: Kendrick Lamar)
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this

(Y-O)
Now I prefer women with some sexy toes
With no corns but enjoys eating vegetables
Seem like everybody love the role of assholes
But I'm feeling better being crowned with some bad hoes
Mr. Michael of [?] speaking
Fedora on the top, the black Abraham Lincoln
I hear they fell in love with my penis
Only concerned with my balls like Venus

(Thurz)
Huh, they say I'm rolling like a big shot
Kama Sutra missionary, fuck shit up on top
Say, I'm big time, Flavor Flav on a wristwatch
And all these chickens want that rooster, call it Big Cock
Co-co-co-cock that, aim and shoot that sure shot
U-N-I, T.D.E. be doing it so go head and hop
On that bandwagon of my genitals, not new to me
I'm still serving broads on my chest for gratuity

(Chorus 2: Kendrick Lamar)
The homies say I'm the truest
The bitches think I'm the cutest
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this

(Skeme)
Oh Lord, here he come, there they go again
Kendrick got my cover fire, bitch I'm going in
Burn a swisher up, then I roll again
Ee-Jay and Weezy, just make sure that dough keep rolling in, hah!
Got the world going crazy
Big chrome .380 if a nigga try and play me
Nigga's swag wavy, chauffeur got me car-pooling
So when it come to stunting, bitch I do it

(Brown)
Never been like you or wanted to be, I do me
She found out that I'm in a group, now she's a groupie
Don't need a watch that's full of diamonds to know that it's perfect timing
We be shining blue and brown and got that golden Gucci
Yeah, keep it simple stupid, all I see is trendy all around me
T.D.E. the movement, we Sore Losers out of Dallas County
Country accent, city fashion, lights are flashing on the cameras
Hoes are choosing me cause hating we ain't, pimping, keep our balance

(Kendrick Lamar)
These hoes want to love me mayne
So I'm like, what up? Uh what up?
Uh, bitch I do this remix stupid, fire burning, people looting
That's the chaos, comes from K. Dot swinging swords and hanging nooses
Chunking deuces, then drop one, dropping music and I won
Call me hot or call me Pac, every eye on me and it's obviously
I'm close as next to kingdom come, I just run my city dude
You just make your city run, they hate to be next to you
Tables turn, say you earn rights to be the God MC
I'm bout to make that halo burn, goddamn that's some irony
I am the messiah of society
Beside of Halle Berry, feed me berries in Paris, oui-oui
I carry on a great endeavor, ambition leave all men grief
Like beliefs of Mason Betha, reporting from C-P-T motherfucker

Bitch I do this
Bitch I do this
The definition what cool is
Boy, I thought you knew this
Bitch I do this