(Frank Sinatra)
When I was 21
It was a very good year
It was a very good year
For city girls
Who lived up the stairs
With all that perfumed hair
And it came undone
When I was 21

It was all a dream just a year ago
Bussin' tables and servin' food but y'all don't hear it though
Now I'm on another level but y'all aren't near it though
My soul bleedin' on the track, so spiritual
It's a blessing cause now rappin' is my profession yo
Set to detonate, I'm just waitin' for my time to blow
White boy at first glance but when I rhyme they know
Race don't mean a fucking thing the second that I flow
It's been a year and everything I said would happened has
While everybody that I know is out havin' a blast
I was right here in the studio bustin' my ass
It's been a year, I'm 21 but I feel (35)
And now I got this
I taste the blood, no one can stop this
Second I drop this, die hard fans is finna cop this
While the rest of the world follows through fiber optics
I took my time, see I studied the game, learned how to rhyme
I was around drugs and gats, but never delved in crime
Had other things in mind, so I began to grind
First tape was a success
Locally, I got press
But I knew this one right here would run the world a mess, but I digress
A year ago, I was a youngin in his room
Staring out the window, lookin' at the moon, knowing it's coming soon
But today I board this rocket ship and sonic boom
'Cause I am no longer a seed, homie, it's time to bloomWe should shine a light on, a light on
And the book I write on, write on, it was right on
We should shine a light on, a light on
And the book I write on, write on, it was right on
We should shine a light on, a light on
And the book I write on, write on, it was right on
We should shine a light on, a light on
And the book I write on, write on, it was right on

They lost it I found it, we leave 'em astounded
Asking me how you so fly, yet you still so grounded?
I replied, I died inside, resurrected a beast
Leave 'em deceased, music's in my genes like a crease
Got it, capisce?, hungry as hell trying to eat now
Success is the only thing that can complete us
Grinding to free us, the beat knocking like a fetus
Close your eyes, open up your ears so you can see this
Now I've accepted I'm not from the hood
Cause selling crack and busting gats don't make my raps good
See this is me, L.O.G.I.C. repping MD to the fullest
Push us to the limit but never pull us now
I can't wait 'til I see my name in neon
That fly shit I be on flowing for eons
Every day I take chances, Celine Dion
Said every day I take chances, Celine Dion (let's get it)
I'm a diamond in a rough, but I shine like discos
Surrounded by greasy people like I doused them in Crisco
I haven't shined yet, so tell me where does the rest go?
Up a million percent until they finally hear this though
Bumping up in they city like, Oh my God this go
My business getting better every year like fiscal
Fuck a pad and a pen, a mic my only utensil
I'm original see but they trace like stencil
I stain in the game, but you fade like pencil
Biting off of my rhymes, that ain't even an insult
Cause you couldn't produce, and in the end that shit's your fault
It takes 3 millions years for a diamond to shine
I did it in 21, see I'm ahead of my time
'Cause when I flow the crowd never roll 'cause I rock
On the road to success, haters in my blind spot
'Cause I got no time to bullshit

We should shine a light on, a light on
And the book I write on, write on, it was right onWake up, you bitch-ass
Cracker-ass motherfucker

See all I ever wanted was a window to sit close to
And you don't understand but in the end you ain't supposed to
I'm talking first class, 30,000 feet under my ass
Living life on the dash, constant pursuit of cash
Now I'm living a life that you and yours could only dream about
And just a couple years ago this shit I used to scheme about
Rehearsing for hours in front of my mirror
Until my voice was hoarse but my vision was clearer
See this that new school style but the flow remind you of them old days
Fast forward to the present, rappers have no class like snow days
Good God, let me bring it back to hip-hops first renaissance
96' Kool-Aid and Sega Genesis

"Hey yo, hey yo, how you keep it so real
I love the way your lyrics make me feel\"
Roll it and get high, Light it up and fly
Feeling like I'm 30,000 feet up in the sky

I got em' saying

"Hey yo, hey yo, how you keep it so real
I love the way your lyrics make me feel\"
Roll it and get high, Light it up and fly
Feeling like I'm 30,000 feet up in the sky

So many people think that they know my whole situation
Conversations with people that handle public relations
Nothing but hundred dollar bills and standing ovations
Slowly pacing until I kill like that boy Jason
It ain't nothing, never folding or bluffin'
Get money, fuck bitches but respect women 'cause we love em'
Kiss em', touch em' and rub em'
Fuck em' but never grub em'
Hit it fast but then I slow it down like Robitussin
Shorty giving me brain until concussion
The club run out of vodka the second we rush in
Never under estimate the power in which I'm bustin'
My lyricism got yo girl blushin'
Ain't even touch her and yet she gushin' (ha)
Award shows, chilling with all my bros
Three-piece Ralph Lauren and some Jordans, I supposeAyo, shout out to Black Diamond. I got them Nikes on my feet as we speak, homie. Shout out to Mac... Miller

All I do is rhyme, all I do is get this money
All I do is grind, play shows and chill with honeys
All I do is shine, tour the world, ain't it funny?
I'm one of a kind (Sinatra)
All I do is rhyme, all I do is get this money
All I do is grind, play shows and chill with honeys
All I do is shine, tour the world, ain't it funny?
I'm one of a kind

My name is Logic, if you don't know by now, I'm always on my grind
And at this moment in time, I'm on a road when I write this rhyme
Sitting behind Raheem Devaughn while he's passed out
'Bout to hit the station 'fore our gas is out
Look outside the window, I see shorties with they asses out, oh my
Good god, you know we fly
Day dreaming out the window, watch how buildings pass me by
See I ain't signed but at this point in time
I'm feeling like the 3-6-8th
Wonder of the world, just might steal your girl
All I do is rhyme and get money, that's my repertoire
Holla at honeys, \"Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir?\"
Baby what's the deal, have you ever heard of some shit so real?
(Cudi what up?) It's going down, feeling like a millionaire
Riding with the top down, while the rest of the world just stare

All I do is rhyme, all I do is get this money
All I do is grind, play shows and chill with honeys
All I do is shine, tour the world, ain't it funny?
I'm one of a kind
All I do is rhyme, all I do is get this money
All I do is grind, play shows and chill with honeys
All I do is shine, tour the world, ain't it funny?
I'm one of a kind

This is the joint that when you hear it you like, "That's my shit!"
Maybe at a house party while you getting lit
Or while you cruising 'round town riding in a whip
One thing's for sure, you better get all of your friends here
If a shorty like my music, then she a (Bobbysoxer)
Got a booty, know how to use it, homie yes I rocks her
The second I jump on a stage, I'm rocking it, ain't nobody stopping it
Whoever goes on after me, I'm sorry, you ain't topping it
It's going down, feeling like a millionaire
Riding with the top down, while the rest of the world just stare

All I do is rhyme, all I do is get this money
All I do is grind, play shows and chill with honeys
All I do is shine, tour the world, ain't it funny?
I'm one of a kind
All I do is rhyme, all I do is get this money
All I do is grind, play shows and chill with honeys
All I do is shine, tour the world, ain't it funny?
I'm one of a kind

Ever since I was a youngin I knew I'd break in the game
While you worshipped other rappers that leave you less entertained
I was strategizing before the people knew my name
Fame what I shall attain on the road to success
Bumping Jay in the H.O.V. lane
Searching for wisdom in women but only getting brain
Yo quiero dormir contigo mi amorcito
I know we fight, but that's poquito
Unless you do me foul like a free throw, then we finito

All I do is rhyme, all I do is get this money
All I do is grind, play shows and chill with honeys
All I do is shine, tour the world, ain't it funny?
I'm one of a kind
All I do is rhyme, all I do is get this money
All I do is grind, play shows and chill with honeys
All I do is shine, tour the world, ain't it funny?
I'm one of a kindLogic
Hello?

Marty Randolph
Yes, hi, is this Logic?

Logic
Yeah. This is Logic. What's up?

Marty Randolph
Hi, Logic. How ya doing? This is Marty Randolph, big-time, big-league, record-executive, super-white-guy aficionado, and I just, uh, want to talk to you about a couple things.

Logic
All right man, what is this regarding exactly?

Marty Randolph
Basically, what we want to do is we want to take Logic, we want to take everything about you, and we want to take it and put it on a bigger level. How's that sound?

Logic
I mean that sounds great, man! What do you have in mind?

Marty Randolph
Basically, okay, you know that whole thing that compiles you? The whole Young Sinatra, smooth, intellectual lyrics, the realism of who you are and how you project that, everything that you do with your music?

Logic
Yeah, man, thanks. I'm glad you spotted that out.

Marty Randolph
Basically, what we're going to do is get rid of that, okay? We want to put you in the limelight with a bunch of bitches and popping bottles... 'cause nobody cares about that stuff.

Logic
...What?

Marty Randolph
Yeah, I know, right?! It sounds amazing! Maybe you might be aware of some previous work that we've done. Basically what we want to do is: have nobody remember you in five years.

Logic
I don't know man... I really don't know...

Marty Randolph
Have you ever heard of Young Lollipop? Or Little Chedda?

Logic
Naw. Naw, man I haven't.

Marty Randolph
Exactly. That's the point!

Logic
Wait... where did you say you were calling from again?

Marty Randolph
Oh, I'm just calling from, uh... Sell Out Records.

Logic
What?! Sell Out Records?!...

Marty Randolph
Yeah!

Logic
Oh my God. Wait... like you, like, sell out stadiums and stuff?

Marty Randolph
Naw, man. Sell out like you... like you know... you know. This is what it is, man: Illuminati.

Logic
What?! Illuminati?!

Satan
Yes, Logic. It's your time now.

Logic
(Laughing) Yo, man, who put you up to this? Lenbo?

Satan
Uh, no. No. Uh, I don't know where else to look. Look, just sign with us.

Logic
Naw, I'm straight, brah. (hangs up)

Satan
Oh... hello? Hello? Damn it! He hung up. These rappers are usually the easiest ones to convert....(Verse 1: Logic)
Yeah, yeah, yeah I'm a get it right now and never will I give up
Homie this is food for thought you better fill up
I'm coming in strong with a song for very long
So I gotta make you understand before the beat is gone
Homie you are not alone, we are in the zone
We are in the matrix full of that fake shit
Make you wanna grab the gat and go ape shit
Living in a world of lies I can't take it
Needed someone to save me, Needed someone to hug me
Needed a whole world but nobody would love me
'Had I learned from this that people wanna buck me
Had I learned from this that people wanna buck me'
I said I can't take it I know I'm gonna make it
I know I'm not normal but I gotta fake it
I swear I'm not cocky, I am just confident
That when I step On the stage I am dominant and now I am beggin

Beggin, Beggin You
Put yo' Loving Hand Out baby
Beggin, Beggin You
Put yo' Loving Hand Out Darling

(Verse 2: C Dot Castro)
Sick of living in the dark so I'm begging for the light
Feeling like I'm in a fight every single time a write
'Cause I gotta make sure that they hear me right
Told me that I couldn't do it so when I pick up the mic
I gotta kill it with something so real that when they hear it
They can feel what's in my soul
Lyrical cocaine yeah homie I got a blow
But first they gotta know who I is
So I'm begging for recognition on the mission just to do it big
'Cause I ain't new to this I'm true to this
Thinking I'm a stand up and roll out Homie that's ludacris
Not here to play no games, I'm here to stay and make a change
And mate your ways so I remain
I'm in the studio for days and days
Spittin' out these razorblades, don't wanna place no blame
But without you I couldn't get to where I'm headding
So to everybody I'm begging

Beggin, Beggin You
Put yo' Loving Hand Out baby
Beggin, Beggin You
Put yo' Loving Hand Out Darling

(Verse 3: Logic)
Yeah, Yeah, I said this is my path don't mess with me
I didn't choose this life it was destiny
God tested me to find the best of me
And I know I'm going to make it even without a degree
'Cause the test scores don't mean shit to me
And when you said that I would fail it didn't get to me
Now I'm begging, public masses, please
I'm way to proud to get down on my knees
But I'm begging, on another level
Fuck Illuminati that's word to the devil
'Cause I am not about that I just wanna love
I just wanna grow, I just wanna learn
The pass and the verbs to write this music
I'm so late that I just might lose it
But don't ever confuse it, it's all so worth it
I just wanna help it but not hurt it
And as for my style I don't know how to word it
Why do you even have to categorize me?
Fuckin' let 'em hate, let 'em all despise me
'Cause I'm gonna take this, fill it up and make this
Something that the whole word cannot imagine
Let alone fathom I'm from another planet
I swear I'm not mathic, listen to me dammit
My future's in your hands and so I'm beggin

Beggin, Beggin You
Put yo' Loving Hand Out baby
Beggin, Beggin You
Put yo' Loving Hand Out DarlingLogic
Music. Shows. Relationships. Fame. Happiness. Music. Fortune. Staying humble. Music. Fans. Grinding. Shows. Music. Touring. Money. Fate. Music. God. Fear. Bills. Friends. Enemies. Family. Music

Step into the mind of a young man
And if you don't then I don't really give a damn
All I wanna do is make you understand
But if you don't wanna listen I guess you ain't a part of the plan
Sorry if I digress
All I ever wanted was to be the best
Through lyricism to put your mind to the test
Stayin' up, late night, no rest
Feelin' bulletproof, no vest, but I confess
My mind's a mess, living in a world of stress I digest
But I gotta keep grinding
'Cause everyday success what I'm finding
And I don't give a damn if you hate on me
'Cause when I blow what you gon' say homie?
Heh, not a goddamn thing
But that's enough of that, I'ma let my home girl sing

Camille Michelle Gray
Knocked down, round for round
You're feeling like you're shot down on the ground
When will the fantasy end? (Yeah)
When will the heaven begin? (Yeah)
You might be knocked down, round for round
You're feeling like you're shot down on the ground
When will the fantasy end? (Yeah)
When will the heaven begin? (Yeah)

Logic
All I think about is music
Don't get me wrong I think
About other things but this how I fuse it
So the whole wide world can use it
When you feel like you just might lose it
Take a breath, homie, don't confuse it
Take a step in the mind of Logic
As long as you don't abuse it
So let me break it down for the whole world
Like I broke it down for my old girl
I can't deal with your bullshit
No more, gotta let it go, let it unfurl
'Cause I remember the time
When I was living sublime, wanted to make a living off of my rhymes
But the whole world told me never mind
I'm a star, how could I not shine?

Camille Michelle Gray
Knocked down, round for round
You're feeling like you're shot down on the ground
When will the fantasy end? (Yeah)
When will the heaven begin? (Yeah)
You might be knocked down, round for round
You're feeling like you're shot down on the ground
When will the fantasy end? (Yeah)
When will the heaven begin? (Yeah)

Logic
I just wanna take it to another level
That I've never even been on so I can sit on
Every single piece of paper that I put a pen on
And when I been on for like ten years
I'ma do it better than anybody before me
So the whole wide world will adore me and no need to assure me
And if you wonder why I'm rapping so fast
It's 'cause I gotta lot of things on my mind
That wanna come out at the same time
In other words I'm racing
I used to pursue my dreams, but now they're reality
And that's what I'm chasing
Why are we on this earth?
Why must we feel pain?
Why does everybody feel the need
To judge one another when we're all the same?

Camille Michelle Gray
Knocked down, round for round
You're feeling like you're shot down on the ground
When will the fantasy end? (Yeah)
When will the heaven begin? (Yeah)
You might be knocked down, round for round
You're feeling like you're shot down on the ground
When will the fantasy end? (Yeah)
When will the heaven begin? (Yeah)I would like to make an announcement
To everybody that said I wouldn't amount to anything
In the minds of music
I told you, what did I tell you?
Didn't I tell you
'Cause I told you
Mmhmm
And when did I tell you
A long time ago
And what did I say
What happen when I told you
Exactly what just happened

I love to jump up on the track
So poetic with the champagne
I'm sipping got me spitting moetic
The second I aim I dead it
Now give me the credit
'Cause I envision myself living in wealth
Breakfast at Tiffany's
Lunch at Louis V's
Now excuse me please
I got dinner plans overseas
Killin' with ease
Young Sinatra got your girl
And now she a Bobby Soxer
Girl with nice clothes
And thick curlsEverybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
(Hey!) Are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go

Logic
On my Charlie Sheen, homie, yes I am a winner
And when it comes to making music, I am no beginner
Hit the stage and get wild, my braniac's loud
Call me 007 because I bond with the crowd
You shine like a star but I sun it
50 keep it a 100, homie you know I run it
The game needs change and Logic can break a 100
I had a shorty to bun it, until she didn't want it
So I focused on the flow and they gon' put me on the map
With a pocket full of change, every day a different dime
Only fuck with golden girls and I ain't talking Lifetime
When I rhyme they up on me 'cause they seen how I'mma shine
Now you may be wondering how my raps rock
'Cause I'm so fifth key to the right of Caps Lock
And when my tracks drop I'mma be sipping Ciroc
With a whole skyline chilling in the backdrop

Phil Ade
Shit, nigga I was born ready
And I swear I'm what these rappers can't bear, warn teddy
My Pro Tools bouncing like a '64 Chevy
I'm trying to win fast y'all on that Eddie
Plus Carl and Harriet, G is how I carry it
Been in it for miles, don't believe ask Darius
Running this beach like Chariots of Fire
I aspire to be higher than these superficial liars
The attire I acquire cost a grip, buy your pliers
I'm a ball out and die in Maryland, Len Bias
Apply a sire to my name, yeah you ain't know I'm royal
I foil from slick talk, yeah trip of that oil
Toying with girls feelings, lord forgive me I need healing
I know you said it's wrong but a long would make a killing
Hit the bong I hit the ceiling, hit the drink I hit the floor
If they show 'em in the buildin to the crowd then let me know

Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
(Hey!) Are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to goI wouldn't wanna have it any other way
I'm addicted and I just can't get enough...

Knockin', knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
Knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
Knockin', knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
I'ma, I'mma come through and show my wood pine

Logic
Boy I know my shit was on another level
When people would joke around and say I signed with the devil
'Cause it's gotta be a sin to be this good
Hating on my music shit I wish you would (I wish you would)
Yeah I been offered four of five deals
Bust like banana clips boy that's four or five kills
Doing the most accumulating so much bread
I think it's time for toast and I ain't talking fine wine
I'm talking semi-automatic shit that blow your mind
Then when I blow like mine the whole world gon' see me shine
This is the life that I should live homie
I'm never going back, I'm addicted to the game
Y'all can tell by the tracks

Knockin', knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
Knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
Knockin', knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
I'ma, I'mma come through and show my wood pine

Knockin', knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
Knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
Knockin', knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
I'ma, I'mma come through and show my wood pine

I wouldn't wanna have it any other way
I'm addicted and I just can't get enough

I wouldn't wanna have it any other way
I'm addicted and I just can't get enough

Logic
I'm addicted to the game, addicted to the pain
Of sacrificing matters of the heart just to obtain
Living a life that most won't attain
And I know it is essential
But when it comes to love, man, that shit is subsequential
For now I just be chillin' with ballers
Poppin' collars, pushing Impalas, cutting records and counting dollars
I'm addicted, my lines is cocaine
And when they disperse blow minds like propane
And you know these haters that never made it this mad
'Cause they never had what we had
Addicted to the game and I'm glad
On my Amy Whinehouse I'm saying fuck Rehab

Knockin', knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
Knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
Knockin', knockin' doors down, showing 'cause around
I'ma, I'mma come through and show my wood pine

I wouldn't wanna have it any other way
I'm addicted and I just can't get enough...(Sampled: Stewie Griffin, Brian Griffin and Girl)
Logic taught me.
So, uh... it's been twenty-four hours. Got my money?
Oh... uh, you know what, just give me till next Friday. I'll have it for you.
Oh-oh, uh, that's funny. I could've sworn I said 'have it today'?
Yeah... I don't have it, sorry.
Oh. Well all right then...
Yeah, that's what happens man!

Logic
I'm Stewie Griffin
And this game is Brian
Beatin' the hell out of em'
Tryin', to get this money
Check the statistics
The chances of me blowin' up are far from realistic
Fuck it, I'll risk it
To have a chance at fame, I'd never miss it
I know I'm gonna be famous cause my friends and family insisted
(Laughs)
Been on the low, concernin' my shit just like a biscuit
But it's time to let off, set off, break this bread off
Bitches I'm comin' and I ain't finna pull out
All I do is get this money
Cut these records and cool out
My favorite night of the week to perform is Friday
But I kinda see it as Louis Vuitton day
'Cause when I step up on the stage
I'm snatchin' mics like Kanye
Too swift to book me for the night
That's Andre
Three stacks, I do it big
Take no relax, I'm spittin' the facts
Catch me in the booth, droppin' tracks
Yeah they talkin' 'bout me
Yeah, I know they talkin' 'bout me
Yeah I know they talkin' 'bout me but
Never face to face, they evade it
By rappers I'm hated
Because I'm fly, while they just levitated
As the hating escalated
My flow, it just elevated
Bitches I made it

Logic
Young jedi, all I do is stack bread
I Said I Be in the crib bumpin' Red Hot Chili Peppers
This right here for all my city reppers
Fly talker, sky walker, get gritty reppers
Follow your dreams, this life ain't what it seems
They used to tell me I'd never make it
Now my flow streams
Across the world, spit lyrics, let them unfurl
Poetic rhetoric my girl
Got my mind playin' tricks on me
My eyes is closed, the ice is froze, I got it
Hip-hop was never dead, but it was fallin'
And I caught it
The way I process chips, you think my brain's robotic
Fuckin' with bitches overseas 'cause the pussy's exotic
I went from switchin' lanes in the rain
To switchin' planes with dames
Poppin' champagne, spittin' game, and gettin' brain

Stewie Griffin
Don't bring that trash in here. This is my house!Ayo, I'm living abroad like the baddest bitch you've ever seen
Ain't about that hybrid shit but I'm all about the green
Making so many moves I need a dose of Dramamine
For rap I'm a fiend, come and test my team
I school MC's 'cause I'm the motherfucking dean
My cerebral cortex force, my trigger finger reflex
To bust Tecs like raw sex, ain't no tellin' what's next
I sling mixtapes like crack rocks
Watch snow bunnies chillin' in the backdrop, discussin' how the track rocks
Goddamn, I'm a miraculous man
And if I wasn't Logic, I'd be his number one fan
Beware I'm spittin' fire cause the world is in dire need of an MC to admire
And set the bar higher
So I conspire, within my mind just had a friar
The rap Messiah, fresh to death so peep the attire
Feelin' like B Rabbit when he slaughtered the Lotto
Get money, fuck bitches, and respect women is the motto
You say potato, I say potato
You call 'em rappers but all I see is comedians
My future's lookin' XXL, they shit is medium
Call me Bobby Kennedy the way I fuck with Marilyn
MCs approach, take notes, and then I bury them
I'm out of this world, my studio's the planetarium
The way I flow, this shit is slicker than butter
The second I utter lyricism that leave all the rest in the gutter
I thought I told y'all I'm the best, d-d-did I stutter?
I'll hit your mom in the head with a car bomb just to blow her mind like Vietnam
Had a myspace account but my only friend was Tom
When I eat pussy I pretend that I'm speaking in Islam
Psych, It's a joke I swear that I'm not racist
To be honest I'll murder you no matter what color your face is
Punch you in the face if I catch you slippin' in braces
You want beef? I'll choke you to death with your own shoelaces
Psych, I swear I'm not a violent guy
Once upon time I brought a Super Soaker to a drive-by
Full of Kool-Aid and warm piss
My buzz is growing every day and when the swarm hits
Million dollar trips, sex at the Ritz
So rich I'll make bitches show Charlie Murphy their tits
Blow the competition to bits, leavin' the enemy lit
But I'm out cause there's women to please and money to get
It's LogicLogic
Various women I'm swimming in like a shark
Hold up, that was the first one
Let me run it back and restart
Young Sinatra ripping the beat apart
Shining like a diamond
When I be rhyming
But y'all in the dark
On point like a poisonous dart
I can feel it now
The fame is coming soon
How can sky be the limit when there's footprints on the moon
Now, I used to bus tables now I bust rhymes
Spitting lines to the illest of dimes
Just to pass the time
Living like a Don
Mafietic mind state
Hip-Hop heads never die, we multiply then dominate
Now I been flowing since a adolescent up until the present
Rehearsing flows for various shows
Yeah that's how I roll
Getting respect and never neglect
That as I infect, they detect it, and when I dissect
Rip it and wreck it now
That's on the record
As the vinyl spin so slowly
Bringing verses like a Holy
Bible, my flow is tribal
Meet me in the street homie I'm liable
To get it right then and there
Mother fuckers like where
He come from
Got music for days and then some
They were stepping confident until I made 'em run
You know it's Logic
In your vicinity murder evil entities
Better known as your enemies
You feel it now
Spark the L and you be coolin'
Chillin' relaxin' to this audio satisfaction
I leave MC's missin' in action
Leave you gashin
From a thousand lashes
Why I'm laughing with a passion
Standing over you smiling
Till I hear sirens then I'm dashing

AZ and Nas
Life's a bitch and then you die
That buck that bought the bottle
Coulda struck the lotto
Life's a bitch and then you die
Got rhymes 365 days and plus some

Logic
This second verse is dedicated to rappers that never made it
'Cause they gave up on their dream
In other words they hesitated to take it
But I swear I'mma make it better than ever before
Cause half of y'all don't even know
See I be rolling through the streets
In a beamer bomber like Hiroshima
Gonna hit you like Katrina until they like \"Damn Gina!\"
I eat MCs like fast food
Hella rude
I'm the reason that your favorite rapper's in a bad mood
My name is Logic
I was born in 1990
Ain't no need to remind me
That when you listen you wanna rewind me
All the labels wanna sign me
For the right reason
We aim to please
Hunting dollars and it's buck season
'Cause

AZ
Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we get high
Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we puff lye
Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we get high
Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you dieHmmm, yeah! (Sinatra)

Aight, yeah, yeah, homie I'm comin'
I'm coming and I'm never gonna give up
My mentality is making rappers feel like
They can never even live up to Logic
You bust I dodge it
Think you seein' me, nah, you just miragin'
I'm gunnin, I'm gunnin like a semi-automatic
That's really equipped with lyricism, I'll let 'em have it
I blast it, any style that you comin' at me with
I master it, I slam mothafuckas that I'm out on you bastards

(Syke, I'm just playin' with y'all)

Yeah, you know I had to keep it going
Kid rhymes that blow minds and see foreign
Real recognize real and you lookin' foreign
I was spittin' flows before I was even born in the womb
And I'm a keep it up until the tomb
And as for the fame, yeah I know it's coming soon
'Cause I'm goin' in raw, finna bust up in your room
I hit a beat and it's ergence to emerge in the game
Pukin the dukin's I'm too sick to spit that Yoga flame
The way I figure this is rap second renassaince
Spittin' dirty sentences, so I'll they affecting medicine
Ha, I'm havin' sentence spittin' fire like a demon
As the internet I let my flow to get to streamin', I'm beamin'
Flawlessly listen in that women in yo head while you dreamin'
Leo Dicaprio flow all up in that bitch schemin'
Tryna' get you to buy that album, tryna get you feenin'
See my vision as I commentate it
You wanna see naked rerun of the bait but the hater ate it
Success is truly overrated
I've seen caster with a blow up to pop and get deflated
See yeah, you made it but all your fans hate it
And it's kinda lookin' like you were sittin' negotiatin'
When it comes down to the rap game you see I'm integrated
Half white half black I had it incorporated
Get the money

(Whoever did this is a real pro)

Yeah, I'm just a youngin' with a dream
With expenses till sixteen
Quite the microphone fiend
Now the rap is not mean
When I step up on the scene
All the girls see my scheme
Till I open up my mouth and they find out my lyrics mean
Had I meet up with Raheem
Drinkin' a whole team
But before I execute a perfect plan I gotta scheme
Cause right now I'm on the dolo
Everything about this tape I did it on the solo
Yeah, I said it's hurricane Logic
Remember they can't dodge it
They gon' be bumpin' me from the birds to the projects
I get on the mic and excite anybody around me
You're probably wondering why the boy has not found me
It's not that easy, I gotta work from the ground
Be the center of attention, look at the people around me
Black on the inside, my outside Ritz
What's a cracker without a cheese
I gotta stack chips

"Would you care for a glass of grape juice?"
"Nigga, what the fuck is juice?"
"You have interfered with our affairs for the last time"(Hey) The mental state of a lyricist in his prime
Spit divine, thought from the mind
Poetic rhetoric that rhyme
We punch lines that leave you conflicted, and hit rewind
Every time I spit an ill line the worlds mine
Fuck a Matana
Quit it the second I'm out the vagina
Won't even call her mañana, Sike
Lyrical Unibomber
Ima allergic to drama
Mentality of a felon
Rebelling elevate
While you repellin'
Only hate because I'm sellin'
Who you tellin'?
See I was on that raw shit
While you was on that naw shit
The people \"they gonna toss it\"
When that all they endorse it
I just waited for my time to shine, I never forced it
Strategically planned it like Peyton Mannin' way before shit was even real

I remember nights as a child with my momma, hungry
But my hunger for this music is on another level
This shit will truly have you contemplatin' deals with the devil
But homie I'm a king not a pawn I never settle
Cause the strength within my mind
Is so fine I can bend metal

I remember nights as a child with my momma, hungry
But my hunger for this music is on another level
This shit will truly have you contemplatin' deals with the devil
But homie I'm a king not a pawn I never settle
Cause the strength within my mind
Is so fine I can bend metal

Yeah, In high school I wasn't worried about them A's and B's
I was trying to make the flow unkillable to obtain these Gs
Murder syllables, yes I aim to please, so much ice they call me Mr. Freeze, Sike
All up under your girls skirt as if I was the breeze
Flow celsius I surpass degrees
Homie, please
And now I'm feelin' like I'm number 1
Cause nobody made it in the game out of where I'm coming from
Can you feel me?
Me and my team devised a scheme to get the cream
Followin' dreams, livin' our lives like movie scenes
Started as a teen, sippin' liquor, smoking' green
For music I was a fiend, my homies know what I mean
Ha, Lethal projectiles aimed at reptiles
Best get your money in order fore' you get checked now

I remember nights as a child with my momma, hungry
But my hunger for this music is on another level
This shit will truly have you contemplatin' deals with the devil
But homie I'm a king not a pawn I never settle
Cause the strength within my mind
Is so fine I can bend metal

(Yeah) The beats my bitch, the mic's my mistress
Fiance flowin' I engage, don't miss this now
Hop on the track, you know I kill it to death
Fuckin' with Logic, it's inevitable that I will result in your imminent death
Now hit rewind and take a breath, homie ain't nothin' left
I'm Gregory House and this game is testin' my patients
Been on the low like freemasons
Livin' amazing, if your shit is hot my shit is cajun
Divine white wine flowin', yes you know its aging
You got sixteens? Ha, I got mathematical equations

I remember nights as a child with my momma, hungry
But my hunger for this music is on another level
This shit will truly have you contemplatin' deals with the devil
But homie I'm a king not a pawn I never settle
Cause the strength within my mind
Is so fine I can bend metalOh, oh, ah
Take it, take it, take it
Take it slow
Take it, take it, take it
Take it slow

Shawty I don't know you
But you know I'm trying to get to
Know you think I'm fine but my mind that's what gets you
Late night conversations, ain't no way I'm gon' forget you
So let me lay you down, baby girl let me split you
Yes you know I want it but first I'ma get to know you
'Cause this ain't about your body, take my hand and let me show you
Now what we have is partnership I won't try to control you
I just want to ride, I just want to fly

I just want to take it slow
Baby you already know
I just want to take it slow

I just want to take it slow
Baby you already know
I just want to take it slow

Baby girl I think I really want to speed it up
Lay you in the bed, kiss slow let me heat it up
But I promise I'll be gentle when I beat it up
Never do it on the regular but I'mma eat it up
Kiss you, touch you, tease you
Doing anything and everything I need to please you
What it is, momma let me know right now
Ain't no need to talk I just want to bite down
On your bottom lip, let your bra rip open
Never had a feeling like this and I'm hoping
We could do it again, never thought I could find heaven within
A heart of a woman and now I begin
To understand more than I did from the start
Gimme your heart, trust me with love
Baby girl I swear you fell from above
Lend me your hand, I'll be your man
I promise to do everything that I can
I'll be your Sinatra, be my Monroe
Give me your heart and I'll know it will grow
I put it on everything baby my love is yours for the taking, my darling, my drug
And now I know, and now I knowLykke Li
Watch my back, so I make sure
You're right behind me as before
Yesterday, the night before tomorrow
Dry my eyes so you won't know
Dry my eyes so I won't show
I know you're right behind me...

Don't you let me go, let me go tonight
Don't you let me go, let me go tonight
Don't you let me go, let me go tonight
Don't you let me go, let me go tonight
Don't you let me go, let me go tonight
Don't you let me go, let me go tonight

Yeah, I know we seen a lot of shit whole time we've been together
Thought we knew it all but just couldn't predict the weather
I think about you and imagine a house and some kids
I wonder if you found another and it's all his
See baby girl, I know you love me even through the lies
Cause honesty and truth is always found within your eyes
Sometimes I see you when you love it but you fear it cause you try your hardest to run but still feel me in your spirit baby girl I know you hear it
My heart is calling for you tonight
And even though the time is wrong I know the love is right
That's why there's so much emotion whenever I recite
Anything about this angel that lost its sight
Baby you were my everything, but you playing games
Fucking around got me feeling like blowing my brains
But you ain't worth the satisfaction cause all you do is speak of love but never lead to action
I used to count the days with you but now I just subtract them

Lykke Li
Watch my back, so I make sure
You're right behind me as before
Yesterday, the night before tomorrow
Dry my eyes so you won't know
Dry my eyes so I won't show
I know you're right behind me...

You were my best friend but then you out me
I never gave you a reason not to trust me but then you doubt me
So in the end it only shows that you don't give a fuck about me
I know you hearing the emotion that's deep in this letter but I don't give a shit about what you think
I write it so that the people can feel better
That have gone through what I've gone through
Memories of a perfect love that's broken and haunt you
And if you think I write this song to taunt you
I don't want you, I want the memory of who you were and what it was to wake up everyday
And have an endless love with an angel from up above
But now it would seem my baby girl has fallen
And another path within my life is calling
'Cause I put everything below you, (everything below you)
Even my music, and when you left me I didn't lose it
I channeled deep within emotions and used it
My heart you broke it and bruised it
So now I address this microphone and just ooze it

Lykke Li
Watch my back, so I make sure
You're right behind me as before
Yesterday, the night before tomorrow
Dry my eyes so you won't know
Dry my eyes so I won't show
I know you're right behind me...

Watch my back, so I make sure
You're right behind me as before
Yesterday, the night before tomorrow
Dry my eyes so you won't know
Dry my eyes so I won't show
I know you're right behind me...Logic
I am not a poet, I am just a designer of words
Architect of sentences the way I form and merge
Paragraphs together that force emcees to submerge
With an urge to break free of this biracial jail cell
Feast on my memories, please come and taste this
Papa was a black man, mama was a racist
Growing up she called me nigga, kids called me cracker
While the whites got whiter, and the blacks got blacker
I was hurting, doing everything I can
Perceived as a white boy with the soul of a black man
Goddamn, looking up to Malcolm X
Studying his speeches, underlining text
How can I be white devil if my parents had sex
'Cause I'm black and I'm white
And I'm proud of every word that I recite
I know my roots, I know my past
I know the issue of my race ain't gonna last
We all breathe the same air and bleed the same blood
And when we die, the same ditch gets dug

(Spoken (Sampled): Martin Luther King Jr.)
I still have a dream. It is a dream deeply rooted in the American dream... One day this nation will rise up and live out the true meaning of its creed: \"We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal.\"Logic (acapella):
I'm on the come up
Anything that y'all do I'm one up
Y'all grind till like 3 in the morning
I grind till the sun up
Homie that's dedication
This world is what I'm facing
I only hope in the end that they all love and embrace me

(I'm trying to right my wrongs
But it's funny them same wrongs helped me write this song)
Momma I'm sorry that I left at 17
(I apologize a trillion times)

Logic
Everything ain't what it seem when you try and follow your dreams
First you saw the bigger picture
Now you see behind the scenes
You thought everything was sweet
Now you see that shit is mean
Got a taste now you a fiend
Been into it since a teen
Yeah he nice so all his friends say he gon' blow like Hiroshim
Eyes on the prize like the baddest bitch you ever seen
At home late night, chillin', envisioning
Himself on the cover of Vibe magazine
But everything ain't what it seems
Though it seem like he gon' blow
Will he make it?
Maybe so
Too be honest I don't know
He got lyrics, he got flow
But it takes so much mo'
So much love
So much pain
With such little time to grow
Yeah we love it when he smile
But hate it when he frown
Remember when that girl turned his world upside down
But it made his music better
Brought emotion made it clever
Now we growing everyday
But he hungry try to eat
Brain like an EKG the way that he study the beat
Now we know that he gon' make it and he won't accept defeat
Now I ain't tryin' to be mean
Now I ain't tryin' to be mean
But everything ain't what it seem

Logic
So many times did I design a rhyme to blow your mind?
'Cause I know that I wasn't destined to live a life of crime
I remember Christmas's with no presents
I use to fear my future now I dread my adolescence
Living a life of logic
But it ain't what it's cut out to be
'Cause if I couldn't rap y'all wouldn't give a fuck about me
Hip hop is politics
Filled with nothing but strife and stress
Time is money and it's hard to invest
Step on the stage I get the honeys so wet
Rockin' thousand dollar tuxes sippin on nothing but Moet
Thinking I'm so set but really I ain't done shit yet
This game is war and in my mind I'm like a Vietnam vet
Now I'm on the come up
Anything that y'all do I'll one up
Y'all grind till 3 in the morning; I grind till the sun up
Homie that's dedication
This world is what I'm facing
I only hope in the end that they all love and embrace em

For the motherfuckers that hated I made it
Slowly elevated, escalated onto another level ha
My flow is crack the game is Whitney yeah
Fame is Bobby on their first date it ain't hit me yet
Visualizing driving down the horizon
While you despising the fact that I'm rising
So much hate within this world this shit is so traumatizing
Steppin to me yeah you better be alphabetically ready
Aim steady
Lyricism sharp as machete
I got it already
See I was born to sell records
You was destined to sell tunes
All up your headphones
Killing booths like cellphones
(I got it)
'Cause everything ain't what is seems
It ain't just him it takes a team
At the ten headed to the zone in his mug mean
Yeah the quarterback shines but not without a sense of safety
So truly he is me and motherfucker you can't face me
Now I've had a lot of doubt
But I had to throw that out
'Cause I find that they listen when I rhyme not when I shout
And right now shit is rocky
With me and my girl
See music is my moon but this shawty is my world
Think about you all the time
Turn that shit into a rhyme
'Cause sometimes you can ignore me
But the beat listens just fine
Tell me do you even know
If you truly want to grow
Hate letters when I'm writing Love Jones all I know
'Cause everything ain't what it seems

Logic (acapella):
Living a life you only dream about
Flow angelic but now it's time to bring the demon out
Can you feel me?
I said it's hard being a saint inside a sinner's body
You know its hard living as Logic after living as Bobby
This is the life I depicted
As a child I picked it
Feeling conflicted
To music I am addicted
Not one of y'all can predict it
So many bars I'm feeling convicted
Now writing like a felon I'm selling homie who you telling
While y'all do everything by the book fuck that I'm rebelling
Bitch I'm on another level
A level you ain't seen
A level that is truly only deemed for a king, 'cause
The second you listen it's my mission to murder any rendition
Busting with precision
If you in my vision I'm never missing
Logic administer sinister verses like a minister for the listener
Can you motherfuckers feel me?I know what it's like
To be all, all depressed
And not wanna go out and
And live life man
That's not healthy man
You can't be living like that what's wrong with you?

Hi
Yeah hey you, yeah you
Yeah yeah uh huh
I know you been feeling down
There's something's pissin you off
And something's wrong- you know what
We're gonna, I'm gonna cheer you up
I'm gonna help you out
Just go ahead and just
And just listen all right?
Here we go

Hi there hey friend how are you
Cheer on up you superstar you
Don't let them try you
Fuck that shit
Don't let them deny you
'Cause you're gonna make it some day
And you're gonna make it some way
No more waitin for the bus
And no more riding on the subway
Live life how you want to
So get on up now go get out there
Face your fears
No need to be scared
You better rebel
And if they hate you give 'em hell
No more hiding in your shell
'Cause we are not defined
By how hard we fall
So dust yourself off and stand tall
'Cause you can make it
Of this I'm sure
Just spread your wings
And you will soar

I know
I know, know
That I'm gonna blow
You away
And when I wake up
I'm gonna shake up
The fuckin' world
And you're gonna love me
You're gonna take me
As I am (as I am)
And not a single one of you
Can tell me no
Oh yeah

I'mma go where nobody before me has gone
And I know that the journey is gonna be long
Livin' life like a mademan like a don
I was in the dark but now all the lights on
It's real hard on the rise to fame
Cause everybody's mad and you're the one to blame
And just last year you didn't know my name - Logic
Now they all demand it
Used to hate me and I can't stand it
'Cause now you love me you so damn manic
Said I'll never make it said I'll fail
My ship would sink
But motherfucker I sailed
I know I'm gonna prevail
Eyes on the prize right on my trail
Middle finger to the haters that are on my tail
'Cause I got heart boy I got spunk
Feelin' just like Jordan before the dunk
And if you fuck around I'mma put you in the trunk
*Ha* I'm just playin' around
Wait for the sound (wait for the sound)
Wait for the sound (wait for the sound)
Oooowwwwww

I swear to God that I love the life I live
And I'm grateful for every breathe it gives
I remember thinkin' something's got to give
New day but it all just feels the same
No clouds but I can feel the rain
Pointin' fingers lookin' for someone to blame (lookin' for someone to blame)
Till I came across my own name
I wasn't in control of my destiny
Feelin' empty thinkin' where's the rest of me
I gotta make it but I need the recipe
Only then will I find the best of me
I didn't wanna listen, didn't give a fuck
I was so selfish, I was so stuck
Cleanin up food, for a little buck
Then I quit that, livin' on luck
I was so lost, at what cost
Why be the worker, when you could be the boss
Still doin' wrong, trynna live right
Get my mind righteous, man I what a fight
Shit gettin' tight, man that ain't right
And my girl left, so I just might
So I just might
Go home to where the, wild things roam, and uh
Happiness last, and uh
Haters kiss my aaaaaaaaaaaa (ss)
Go home to where the, wild things roam, and uh
Happiness last, and uh
Haters kiss my aaaaaaaaaaaa (ss)Logic
Will I make it I don't know
From the bottom of my heart I swear to God I gotta blow
This for every time the world told me no
If I don't make it in this game I ain't got nowhere else to go
From the drama to the hoes
From the records to the shows
I gotta make it, and if they don't give me what I deserve
Then Imma take it, I've been underrated, underestimated and hated
But I can't wait to look back and say that I made it
Cause nowadays everyone's a rapper and I hate it

Y'all don't know-oh-oh-oh-know-oh-oh-oh
Said y'all don't know-oh-oh-oh-know-oh-oh-oh

I had to face my demons and embrace all of my fears
While you was out partying, chilling and sipping on some beers
I was sacrificing adolescent years
Blood, sweat, and tears to find out what music really is
And now I'm feeling, I'm feeling like the moment has arrived
With Bobby is no longer living and Logic has revived
From his ashes, music, money, liquor, I'm fucking passed this
Lyricism that's driven from a master you bastards

Queen Latifah (Logic)
Just another day living in the hood
Just another day around the way
Feeling good today (I feel good, yeah)
Feeling lovely (I feel lovely)

Logic
All I ever wanted was some financial security
And now I fuck with bitches just to mask my insecurities
Cause pussy ain't nothing, but my heart is sure full of something
Now I'm, colder than ever, pushing through any weather
High score flow, ain't none of y'all close to my level
Mental state of a winner in the shoes of a beginner
Visualizing my horizon through the eyes of a sinner
Noticing how the line between me and fame is getting thinner

Y'all don't know-oh-oh-oh-know-oh-oh-oh
Said y'all don't know-oh-oh-oh-know-oh-oh-oh

Queen Latifah (Logic)
Just another day living in the hood
Just another day around the way
Feeling good today (I feel good, yeah)
Feeling lovely (I feel lovely)
Just another day living in the hood
Just another day around the way
Feeling good today (I feel good, yeah)
Feeling lovely (I feel lovely)

Logic
You know my steelo, busting shots like free throws
The young bandito, cutting records like they was kilos (ha)
Is it a blessing that I'm messing with girls
That wanna undress in the back of my car
Or is it just 'cause I'm a star? Or is it just 'cause I'm a star?
5 foot 7, looked like she fell from heaven
With an ass hotter than the devil, please call a reverend
She was black and asian, part Hispanic and part amazing
Women they feen' us, merely because we are the keenest
My heart only has one love like Serena and Venus
You know I am the meanest genius with the biggest-HEY!
See baby girl I know you got some problems
Just know I'm here to solve 'em, revolve 'em, cock 'em back and dissolve 'em
I swear I take care of all em' but you gotta trust it
Love it, open your heart before you lust it
Now bust it, what

Queen Latifah (Logic)
Just another day living in the hood
Just another day living in the hood
Just a-Just another-Just another-Just another day
Lovely (I feel lovely) Sunny Norway
Just another day living in the hood
Just another day around the way
Feeling good today (I feel good, yeah)
Feeling lovely (I feel lovely)
Just another day living in the hood
Just another day around the way
Feeling good today (I feel good, yeah)
Feeling lovely (I feel lovely)