(Thalia)
Destabilization complete, prepare for departure

(Kai)
Took you long enough

(Thomas)
Oh, I'm sorry, your highness. I'll have to try and ask the asteroid field I had to detour through to not try and kill me next time

(Kai)
Man, I'm just messing with you

(Thomas)
Yeah, whatever

(Kai)
So what'd you do on the way over here?

(Thomas)
Um, you know, just listening to some oldies

(Kai)
Oldies? Like who?

(Thomas)
Logic

(Kai)
Logic? The fuck you know about Logic?

(Thomas)
I just listened to his first album on the ride over

(Kai)
Under Pressure?

(Thomas)
Yeah, that's the one

(Kai)
Shit...

(Thomas)
I was actually gonna put in the second one now

(Kai)
All right, well you know this was the album that changed everything, right?

(Thomas)
I know, that's why it's so importantAll day (all day), everyday (everyday)
We was on that block until we made a way
Day to day, man that's the only way
They gon' know my name until it fade away

Fade away, fade away
They gon' know my name until it fade away
(Way, way, way), fade away
They gon' know my name until it fade away

I been there, I done that, done that, this rap shit I run that
Motherfucker this far from a comeback, if one of us fall then we run back
Can't let that social worker just snatch up my kin, gotta get my son back
'Cause when they coming through that system don't give a fuck about you
Everybody gonna die, gonna go one day, maybe it'll happen on a Monday
Driving to work and get hit by a Hyundai, fuck it, let it all go one day
I know, I'mma get it like this, living that life while they all reminisce
Never regretted, the second I said it I feel like I'm smarter, I read it on Reddit
You're fucking pathetic, my etiquette murder ya predicate, bitch I'm ahead of it, yeah
Yes I'mma die but I don't wonder why in the hell I'mma ride in the dead of it yeah
I know, know, life on Earth is so unpredictable
Okay-kay, hold up let me say yes I fade away

Fade away, fade away
They gon' know my name until it fade away
(Way, way, way), fade away
They gon' know my name until it fade away

Tell me what I wouldn't wanna give for a life like this, arm and a leg quite like this
Fuck around wanna fight like this, take a hike like this
So I might just, might just, I don't know
Reinvention, that's my intention
Want so much more than this third-dimension
That's not to mention my true ascension is a bigger picture
No metaphor, I'm being real with ya
But it will hit ya like, "goddamn!
Going HAM, full of all of them
In a spaceship, I'm in another system
So futuristic, on another mission
But back on Earth everybody bitchin', I been in the kitchen
Livin' my life - no inhibition, life to death with no intermission
Now the good book said we all the same, and we kill each other but it's all in vain
And we all to blame, can't see the picture when inside the frame
Real talk, I wanna grip the grain and just ride with ya, build a family then die richer
When ya get to heaven I'mma come and get ya
Sit back and really get the picture
This life, yeah, it done ate away, hard times never stayed away
But one thing I know day to day, I'mma do somethin' 'fore I fade away

Fade away, fade away
They gon' know my name until it fade away
(Way, way, way), fade away
They gon' know my name until it fade away

(Skit)
THOMAS: Get the upgrade?
KAI: Nah, man. It's the same shit with a different title!
THALIA: That's not true, Kai
KAI: What the fuck?!
THOMAS: Yeah, man. They didn't just upgrade features, they enhanced her AI
KAI: So she can actually hold a conversation?
Thomas: Yeah. Ask her yourself
KAI: Uh, what am I thinking, Thalia?
THALIA: Kai, I'm a program in the ship's interface, not a psychic
KAI: Damn, girl!
Thomas: Yeah, that's another thing now. She's unisex
KAI: What?!
THOMAS: Thalia, integrate Y chromosome feature
THALIA: Sure thing, Thomas. Would you like a standard accent or something a little more exotic?
KAI: Holy shit!
THOMAS: Told you, man. The upgrade's crazy. Thalia, revert last command and run simulation
THALIA: Running simulation
KAI: Man, what the hell is that?
THOMAS: Well, you can pick anyone in history, and based off a collection of data, it allows you to personally speak with them
KAI: Anybody?
Thomas: Anybody
KAI: Thalia, do Big Sean
THOMAS: All right, let me get this straight. You can speak with anyone in recorded history, like Jesus, Steve Jobs, Einstein, and you pick Big Sean?
KAI: Man, fuck yeah! That's my dog!
THOMAS: *Laughs* Okay. Thalia, simulate Big Sean
BIG SEAN: What up Kai, you lil' bitch?
KAI: Yeah, I'ma have to upgrade my shitAye, let me just rap
I've upgraded while they've waited
Will they love it, will they hate it
Never fade it I evade it
'Cause I never really want to complicate it
Think I've made it, yes I did
I'm giving them bars like a bid
Let me rewind it like a vid
"Did he just say that?" Yes, I did
And they really wanna get it like I live
God damn mother fucker what I gotta give
Way back in DC, I live
On the way to that everlasting life
Will they rob you? Yeah, they might
Hold up, wait a minute, veer to the right
On this road to success, I've faced my fears
Then hop on that flight

I've upgraded
I've upgraded
I've upgraded
I've upgraded
I've upgraded

My bitch bad got a sick figure
Play 1 show and get 6 figures
We build bigger, money tall as a mountain, bitch
I've got Hilfigers, like goddamn
Yes sir, I know who I am
I'm that main man Martin, out here kicking out Pam
Just riding 'round with my Gina in that all-black Beamer
All the way from Maryland whipping out West Covina
Hold up, now check my demeanor
Yeah, your girl bad, my girl meaner
I've upgraded

I've got the Akira on the wall
I just can't follow their law
Swear to God they know me
They don't know me at all
And it's all right, it's all right
I've upgraded

Let me bring in them new kicks like Timbaland
I gotta reboot with this upgrade
My metaphors on Cloud 9 and the meter behind them is so vague
Before I created this universe, I had to fly to the Bermuda first
6ix on the beat then we queue the verse
Now I'm in another world when the flow emerge
Feel like I'm in a 5th element
I'm in my element lost in paradise
It's me, you and Leeloo Korben Dallas
In Fhloston paradise
Never by chance like a pair of dice
I don't give a fuck about their advice
I'm under the planet, no I'm not manic, bitch I'm decompressed
Know they can't stand it 'cause I pilot it and manned it the best
All they demanded was I gave up and laid dream to rest
God damn!
Hold up, wait a minute, fuck all that shit
I left Earth ages ago to avoid and duck all that shit
You know when we on
Making music that's gon' survive for eons
Bloodshed from America to Sierra Leone
That's that shit I can't be on
That's the reason I be gone
Yes, I keep it professional
Like Luc Besson and Leon

I've upgraded
I've upgraded
I've upgraded
I've upgraded
I've upgraded(Skit)
WILLIAM KAI: Yeah, then the bitch said "use a condom", and I said "baby, there's like 10 people left in existence, fuck does it matter?"

QUENTIN THOMAS: You didn't say that

WILLIAM KAI: Man, yes I did

QUENTIN THOMAS: No, you didn't

WILLIAM KAI: I'm a grown ass man, what? I'ma lie to you? I'ma lie?All right, maybe I just thought it, but damn, she was just so butt naked I'd wrap up with a trash bag just to get it, you know what I'm saying?

THALIA: Guys, we seem to be approaching another ship
QUENTIN THOMAS: What?

WILLIAM KAI: Impossible

QUENTIN THOMAS: How far?

THALIA: 32 kilometers


QUENTIN THOMAS: Shit. HQ this is pilot Quentin Thomas, accompanied by my first man in charge of infantry William Kai of the Aquarius 3, come in, over

HEADQUARTERS: HQ here. What is it, Thomas?

QUENTIN THOMAS: My program has just informed me and my partner of another ship that's now 31 kilometers out

HEADQUARTERS: Did you just say another ship?

WILLIAM KAI: Yeah, that's what he said, another fuckin' ship in the middle of space, man

THALIA: I've gathered information from the ship's motherboard

HEADQUARTERS: Engage the ship

WILLIAM KAI: What?

QUENTIN THOMAS: Copy

THALIA: I'm receiving audio embedded in the ship's distress signal
WILLIAM KAI: Man, why white people always gotta go investigating shit, man

QUENTIN THOMAS: Shut up Kai - Thalia, play that message

THALIA: You got it


CHRISTOPHER SMITH: This is Captain Christopher Smith of the Aquarius 1. The year is 2093. Time unknown. The entire crew is dead, and I fear these are my last hours. Whatever you do, do not come knocking

WILLIAM KAI: Aw, hell nah, we gotta get the fuck outta here man

QUENTIN THOMAS: HQ, engagement is a no go, permission of the Aquarius 3 to push through to Paradise?

HEADQUARTERS: Permission granted

WILLIAM KAI: Man thank GodAye, this that shit
I'm looking at you 6ix
I've been feeling like a
I've been feeling like a mothafuckin' postman
Sending letters to the people
All this knowledge that I got, I'm like an old man
Hold up, wait now oh man!
Let me back up in this bitch
I'm platinum in this bitch, I'm rapping in this bitch
Running the game, yeah I've been lappin' in this bitch
You know it's all right
Fuck around and they all might
Look at a brother different, I've been at it all night
I think I said it but I know I do it, this for everybody going through it

Like whoa
Through it like whoa
Through it like whoa
Going through it like whoa
You already know
You already know
Gotta get it like whoa
In this bitch like whoa
Get it like, like, like whoa
Let's go
Uh, I'ma get it like whoa

Back up in this mothafucka livin' like a goddamn king
Tell me money ain't a thing now
30 thousand feet above the world right next to the wing
Too high to hear the birds sing now
All around the world and back again it's finally happenin'
I'm lappin' in this luxury by nappin' in a big ass house
Chillin' with my homies on the West side, West side
Bringin' out my best side
I was on the road for like a quarter I was in and out the border
From London to Paris, yes it's very extraordinary
Fuck around and took the bus and a ferry
Should've seen the itinerary, then we made it back home like whoa
Tell me how you're feelin', higher than the ceilin'
I know I've been illin'
Probably wonder where I'm at, bitch I've been chillin'
Why they grillin'? Yeah I'm still in like I never left
They know I had to go but then I brought it right back

Like whoa
Do it like whoa
Do it like whoa
Going through it like whoa
You already know
You already know
Gotta get it like whoa
In this bitch like whoa
Get it like, like, like whoa
Let's go
Uh, I'ma get it like whoa

I get so high they wonder why no I can't go away
I gotta hold my own, know that's the only way
I've been vibin', let me guide em, I said I gotta know
I've been ridin' for so long I think that it's time to go
Feeling like an addict that ain't had it, up and at it in a minute
If it hadn't been invented, my limit wouldn't be infinite
I'm feeling like an infant in a womb
I'ma be here till the tomb
Lately I've been in my room
Lookin' and lookin' at records on the wall
Hold up

Like whoa

(Skit: Kevin Randolph (as Joseph Kai))
Yeah I hope we make it to fuckin' paradise and not die on the way there, mothafucka(Intro: Logic)
What up Bobby
This that 95 shit right here
Take 'em back to the 90s!

(Verse 1: Logic)
Okay, now take a trip inside my mind like you was off to Venice
It's me and B-I-G L-N-B-O cookin' like chemists
Take them back to way back when like Dennis, The Menace
Causin' mayhem on the come up like a young apprentice
Smokin' weed and gettin' higher than a flight attendant
Hip-hop descendant, gold Jesus on my pendant
Got to pull it out for everyone that's in attendance
Okay, back in the day as a College Park tenant
Still can't believe I didn't get a shorty pregnant
Man, that's the definition of a life sentence
A whole lot of beef, no bread, no lettuce
'Cause I couldn't keep it in my briefs, man that's pathetic
Fuck all that back and forth, this ain't a game of tennis
I'll be in my mothafuckin' chamber like the senate
Scared to go outside but I know I can't prevent it
I'm, forever alone in my mind
See I'm a self diagnosed hypochondriac
Either at the crib, or on the tour bus is where you'll find me at
Yeah, I know that I'm livin' like I got it okay, yeah
But I swear that I'm not that neurotic over here, yeah
Over here, over here
Over here, over here
Over here, over here
Over here, over here

(Verse 2: Big Lenbo)
Ayo, fuck all that, it's the fat young Jesus
Flow prestigious
Stackin' money and playin' the field man like Regis
Better believe us or leave us
Grabbin' your bitch's cleavage like, ooh-ah
I went from surveyin' to Super Saiyan slayin' the man
Bitches want an autograph, I sign them titties in crayon
Like goddamn
It's me and B-I-G-L-N-B-O cookin' like chemists
Posted in the club in baggy jeans and a beanie
Sippin' on a martini, takin' my pick at bitches like eenie meenie
I'm unscannable, young cannibal
Eat wack MCs like Hannibal
Cause Joe Pesci's my spirit animal

Over here, over here
Over here, over here
Over here, over here
Over here, over here

(Verse 3: Logic and Big Lenbo)
Okay the flow delicious, bounty huntin' like Sid Vicious
The young Spiegle, interstellar with my retrieval
Furthest from evil, I throw this shit back like medieval
I spit at it like a Baretta, you know I get better by givin' the people
Not a fuck given, check the method, that's how we livin'
Always been driven, out of sight and yet never hidden
The Return of the Jedi, bitch I bet I do the show and catch a red eye
Ho I said I leave 'em dead, I know I do
This shit is overduePass me the fifth and I'm comin' through
The B-I-G-L-E-N-B-O on the way to Rio
Ay dios mio, lookin' for a Latin Leo
To hold a brother down like the white man
Fuck that, nigga
Ayo enough's enough, man of my word, I never bluff
Even in a pair of cuffs know we always keep it real
Like goddamn, don't even step like I ain't the man
I'm just 301 reppin', second I step in Maryland
I gotta conceal it like a murder weapon
I kept in the glove, Ratt Pack you know it's all love
We the realest so fuck you if you ain't feel this
Throw a Molotov in your crib and tell them bitches to bill us
We the illest
Finger fuck a critic, shit is darker than The Chronicles of Riddick
Yes I did it, while they bit it, you know we got it
Smack you with the palm, save the back for your mom
Sound the alarm, you know we got it goin' onLogic:
Sometimes I fantasize about traveling space and time
I think about specific moments that I could rewind
Not to redo it, but relive it, I could give it one more go, abide
And truly understand the deeper things that I don't know about
Now take a trip with me and vibe
I'm on this interstellar mission, is you down to ride?
Hold up, I know this innermission feeling like the tribe
Life is beautiful I'm so lucky to be alive
I'm gonna take this moment right now here and school them people
I know deep in my heart everyone is created equal
I truly wish that I could see the sequel of our people
Truly wish that I could, check it
Now, when I hit the road and tour the world
I see like different light, this music shit just ain't the world
Brothers and sisters from different mothers and misters
All different colors and creed all come together for me
Boy, I'm blessed to be free

Lucy Rose:
This is our time
Still I'm looking back
Let me rewind
This is our ride
Don't let me lose my faith
Let me rewind

Logic:
Doing 70 on this highway
On the front of this bus, I'm busting my mind open
Hoping these lyrics will keep me coping
On the grind like copin', no time to bring the dope in
But this Nyquil got me feeling lit
It's been like 3 months since I've been home
Sometimes it feel like forever just how long I been gone
Yeah, you know that's the shit that I been on
You know I love it, feel like there's never enough of it
Let me bring 'em back
Chilling, watching Tarantino, we know I've been on it forever
My endeavor like a feature film
Step into the realm of the realest, do you feel this?
I'm in it, my limit the chillest
Let me bring 'em back, yo
Yeah, I woke up early on my born, 25, it's a blessing
Progression everyday, lesson's got me stressing
But I'm testing, reminiscing when I would listen to my intuition
And now I made it, resurrecting, Young Sinatra I created, I'm elated
It seem like everyone's somehow related
Letters back and forth from my homie that's locked up in prison
Doing 14, it's been 5, I know my heart's with him
I've been so busy, it feel like forever since I hit him, man
I think about how I wasn't shit when he went in
What if the tables was turned and I was the one that been in, damn
He said he's seen me in the magazine
He said he's seen me on Fallon and Kimmel
That's been my dog from the kennel
I never thought that out the millions watching, he was one
It makes me reminisce about the times when we begun
Skipping class with all of my homies, on a constant search for who I was
I rarely went to school, they wonder why and that's because
My situation at home was alcoholics and drugs
I never graduated but I made it to the summit
Don't get me wrong, so many times I thought that I would plummet
Felt like I didn't have the heart and couldn't seem to stomach
All of the beef around my way
I mean, I never wanted to live a life where all you're truly living is a lie
I knew I always wanted more and so they wonder why
I said they wonder why

Lucy Rose:
This is our time
Still I'm looking back
Let me rewind
This is our ride
Don't let me lose my faith
Let me rewind

So what do you think about space
Um, space is called the galaxy
Do you know planets? What are- can you name some planets off?
Yeah, there's a one named Saturn and Earth, Mars and the planet Paradise
You've never been there before?
Um, no. I was little a long time ago with my mom riding in a coolest ship. My TV showed us where we are in space. But there was droid ships everywhere
Well, thank you for your time, sir. I appreciate the interview(I, am the greatest)
Fuck 'em all I'll never love 'em, I'm way up
Bitch you know I been above 'em, I stay up
Steppin' to me tryna talk it out
Knowin' goddamn well there ain't a fuckin' thing to talk about
Hol' up, bring it back now
That ain't no way to react now
You was talkin' all that shit but where it's at now
Huh? Where it's at

(I am the greatest) Motherfuckers get no love
Hol' up, wassup, get none
Like wassup, motherfuckers get no love
Hol' up, from me
Like wassup (I am the greatest)
Motherfuckers get no love
Hol' up, wassup, get none
Wassup, motherfuckers get no love
From me

Okay now what the fuck they talkin' 'bout?
It's like they never heard the words that came up out my mouth
It's like they just wanna discredit what I'm all about
I be in the studio, the motherfuckers fallin' out
Yeah, you know we balling out peace and love
I represent all of the above
You fuck bitches and get money, that's wassup
It's all good, but all these people do not give a fuck
And now I bet they bitchin' cause my flow switchin'
Tryna tell me what to write, up on some fan-fiction
Can't they just be happy I no longer have to face eviction?
That I'm livin' out my life, I'm livin' out my inner vision right now
I be on my Big L braggadocios rap shit
I could flow on anything from Premo to that trap shit
Sellin' out shows, I'm on that shit
Late night, dark night, crowd going batshit

(I am the greatest) Motherfuckers get no love
Hol' up, wassup, get none
Like wassup, motherfuckers get no love
Hol' up, from me
Like wassup (I am the greatest)
Motherfuckers get no love
Hol' up, wassup, get none
Wassup, motherfuckers get no love
From me (I am the greatest)

From me
Like wassup
Like wassupKAI: Up, right, L2, R2

THOMAS: Dude what is that? What are you doing?

KAI: Man, this shit is Rubik's cube shit

THOMAS: Rubik's cube?

KAI: Man, I get so much pussy with this motherfucker, its amazing!

THOMAS: "Really?"

KAI: Man bitches love the Rubik's cube, bitches love this shit!

THOMAS: Wow, teach me

KAI: Yes, I willOkay now this how I'm feeling, lately I'm like the villain
Cause while they on that other shit I been posted, out here chillin'
Lord willin', I'll survive, but not like that 9 to 5
You know this that shit that you bumpin' in your whip while you drive
I've been living life, and I hope that you do the same
'Cause if you ain't doing what you love it's only you to blame
Come on I've been through the game, bout time that they know my name
Numb it down for the pain, this music my Novocaine
Lord Willin' we over came, it's time to get over man
I've been around the world and back and I swear it's all the same
And what I learned, A prophet don't do it for the profit gone get off
Check the topic watch me drop it, can you top it
I don't know I've been at it on the low
Never did it like this here before
But I'm still here and I just hope I'll make a difference make a killin'

Lord willin'
Lord willin'
Make a difference, lord willin'
Uh, lord willin'
I tell 'em hold on
And yeah you know that I gotta bring it back again
And I tell 'em hold on
I don't understand what's happening
And so I tell 'em hold on
And yeah you know that I gotta bring it back again
And I tell 'em hold on
I don't understand what's happening
So I tell em

I guess I'm back at it, I ain't done, I ain't had it
If I was underground before then this is me in my attic
For this rap shit I'm an addict, but can't fuck with that dramatic
I've been busting my ass, they probably think it's automatic
Yes sir I've done this shit before like your baby momma momma
I'ma tell 'em like it is, I'ma tell 'em like it is
Life ain't picture perfect, we use the negatives to develop
I'm well up I'm way up, nothing but net, fuck the layup, I'm way up
Bitches losing calories out here jumping to conclusions
Can't fuck with they delusions, I'm on that 101 cruisin'
Okay, way back in the day I rap in a way, but no not quite like this
Living like that in a way, guess you could say made me wanna write like this
Not quite like this on my level, I'm unique and I'm a rebel
Like you listening, I hope that you're listening
This feel like it's summertime, waiting for the bus number nine
Through the city all alone, not a worry, not your phone
We just vibing maybe flying 'round the world
Man, I hope you see the world
And all your dreams will unfurl, just don't never cash your pearl
Go out there and make a livin', take this advice that I'm givin'
Make a difference make a killin', make a killin'

Lord willin'
Lord willin'
Make a difference, lord willin'
Uh, lord willin'
I tell 'em hold on
And yeah you know that I gotta bring it back again
And I tell 'em hold on
I don't understand what's happening
And so I tell 'em hold on
And yeah you know that I gotta bring it back again
And I tell 'em hold on
I don't understand what's happening
So I tell emI know that you think this song is for you
I used to long for you and adore you
My life was just fine way back before you
Now when you reach out I just ignore you
Cause this ain't a love song (Whoa)
This is "So long"
You did me so wrong for so long, for so long
No I never thought I could live my life without you
All you ever seem to do is scream and make it all about you
And so I doubt you
I doubt you even know what's on my mind
I said I doubt you
I doubt you even know why I left you behind
I know that I've been living
I know that I've been living
I know that I've been living
I know that I've been living
In the city of stars
Where there's flying cars
A brand new home for everyone
And even life on Mars
In the city of stars
Where there's flying cars
A brand new home for everyone
And even life on Mars
In the city ...
Cause this ain't a love song (Whoa)
This is "So long"
You did me so wrong for so long, for so long
And so I doubt you
I doubt you even know what's on my mind
I said I doubt you
I doubt you even know how I let you...

Much love to Def Jam, even though they under shipped me
Did me like Bobby did Whitney, but the fans was with me
Know my name around the world but it still ain't hit me
All the talent in the world and they still don't get me
I didn't talk about my race on the whole first album
But black vs white bullshit was the still the outcome
How come these motherfuckers can't seem to let it go
Judging rap by race instead of the better flow
Who gives a fuck who made it, I penetrated and innovated
While they emulated, give a fuck if I'm hated
I'mma do it till I get it, fuck a nominated
Bitch I dominate it
Yeah, emails from Rick Rubin, dinner with No ID
Chilling with B-I-G D-A-Double-D-Y K-A-N-E
Not many get to what I do, and now enemies
Thinking they slick as fuck like the finna befriending me
But let's get back to the music, I'm gone
Outside of this solar system I'm searching for paradise
Livin' the life, bitch I've been a vet
Fuck all these cats on the internet
I love Hip Hop and I hate Hip Hop
Cause people that love Pac hope that Drake get shot
'Cause he raps about money and bitches, for heaven's sake
Pac did the same shit, just on a drum break
Now I ain't wanna name names, I'm just droppin' this game
We all people, all equal
Now let me let off, yeah
Now let me let off
Tougher than raw denim, my flow you can't identify
Talib said it best back in the day, we just tryna get by
Two words, Mos Def, in my headphones
Black on one side, now I'm in another zone
Switch flows, fuck 'em up
Play the game, run 'em up
Yeah I sold a couple records but people don't give a fuck
All the people want is real
Guess that's why Logic appeal
All the power in the world, hold that, tell me how it feel
Racism on television and in magazines
Paying taxes so soldiers don't run out of magazines, god damn
Country don't give a fuck who I am
Just a youngin' on the rise with a mic in my hand
And I am, here's to the Roc
The .45 Glock that my older brother pop, shot
And I am finally on top
Too high up, not a drop
Stop, we gettin' guap, gettin' guap
I am livin' like I ain't got it
Spit the flow so robotic, man who gives a fuck about it
Maryland till I die but I had to get the fuck up out it
I love it and hate it, you probably don't know man, I doubt itIt's 2 bars?
Aight

Motherfuckers wanna get famous
Bust guns and get dangerous (dangerous)
Daddy graduated from Cambridge
Money talks in every language
Real recognize that stainless
Silver spoon what my aim is
Y'all don't know what that game is
Y'all don't know what that uh
Y'all about that fraternity life
If you're from where I'm from then as soon as you come, baby girl gon' be about that maternity life
If you do like my daddy then she gonna be single and alone that maternity life for eternity life
Eternity life probably thinking we livin' that life
'Cause we do what we do
But hold up let me get it right
Everybody got problems, everybody got problems
But not everybody need a .45 to solve them
Revolve them
Take care of all of them like this
I might just go crazy
All the way
Y'all live that life where your safety is only a call away
But not us
Momma and daddy never bought us
Not a god damn thing but they brought us
Broke as hell we couldn't fund the trust
Outside run around with a gun to bust
Police looking for every one of us
Back then yeah all of that was fun to us
Had a little bit of money in the middle
Let me hit 'em with a riddle
If I never had a dark night I might not not not not be the same
Might not be the...
(Hook: Logic)
I know my mind is sober
But I'm so high, it's over
I know my mind is sober
But I'm so high, it's over
And I want it [?]

Dria:
Ay-Hey now boy
You don't know nothing about this, right here boy
Chilling in Maryland, three niggas in a Cadillac lac-lac
You don't know nothin' bout that Chi town
South Central with the gang, gang, gang
Niggas in the projects, for them niggas tryna eat
Get the fuck up off your silver

Everybody wanna live lavish, a million in the bank on average
They cutthroat yeah they savage
They riding round with the baddest (bitch)
One day, I woke up, and said I'm bout to do for the rest of my life
No question it's right
Waiting for the bus at a stop light looking at the cop right in front of my eyes
Living in a world of lies
Where the truth dies and hatred multiplies, mu-mu-mu-multiplies
I said I can't take it
I remember wondering if I would ever make it
But as I reminisce I realize it was all irrelevant, it's evident
I'm getting money for the hell of it
Never fuck around until the flow celibate
Speaking for the people like a delegate and when the situation's delicate
I execute it with the proper etiquette
Everybody wanna get ahead of it, no
I can't take the time to stop
It ain't all about the money so I'm headed to the top
But I'm still getting guap never stop unless a body drop
Metaphorical motherfucker to get it in
While the whole world spin for the dividend
But I'm in another system
Everybody hate till he dead then they miss 'em
Why can't we relax and listen
Stop spending money on things that glisten

I know my mind is sober
But I'm so high, its sober
I Know my mind is sober
But I'm so high, its sober
And I want it [?]

Dria:
Ay-Hey now boy
You don't know nothing about this, right here boy
Chilling in Maryland, three niggas in a Cadillac lac-lac
You don't know nothin' bout that Chi town
South Central with the gat gat gat
Niggas in the projects, for them niggas tryna eat
Get the fuck up off your silver spoonThomas and Kai:
"Okay so what do you think life was like before the fall? I mean we've seen pictures of open land as far as the eye can see and oceans incomprehensible in size that our grandparents would do their best to describe it. I just can't imagine life anywhere but inside a space station. I mean the simple concept of a sky doesn't even fully register."

"We do have fields on the Babel station and also..."

"Yeah yeah but that's all synthetic, I mean were heading to this planet right? That we call "Paradise" because we hope it can sustain life. Why?"
"Because we'll eventually run out of resources."

"Exactly I mean what if we got there and it's exactly as the data predicted: beautiful, lush. Then we destroy it just like we did Earth. There's only 5 million human beings left in the universe. I mean it's weird to think about the fact that in 2065 the last footprint was left on Earth before ascending to Babel."

"Man what's your point?"

"The point is 30 ships have traveled in deep space looking for a planet like this, damn near all of them return without any luck. Some of them didn't return at all. I guess my fear isn't that we won't find paradise: it's that we'll create purgatory."Part I

Now this that SpottieOttieDopaliscious, hella vicious
I wonder where is this, hold up
Get the fuck out my business, show enough
We roll up then load up
Just a bastard born out of wedlock
Close to the Earth like a dreadlock
Got my sites on deadlock
Visions of my enemy in a headlock
Feel like I'm livin' in Bedrock, surrounded by rubble
Just a youngin' in trouble
Took a shot and then made it a double
Took a shot and then made it a double
This that food for thought, my school ain't taught me good
No ingredients in my hood
But a tablespoon of this baking soda gon' make it good, like it should
That's ignant isn't it
Hold up wait, now take a look at my pigment
Tell me again, we can never be kin based on the color of my skin
Matter of fact your lips ain't thin
That's a club I don't wanna be in
My DNA get done integrated
My God it's innovative
That's a million miles away from administrative
I fuckin' hate it, anyway
Long ago, way back in the day in a place called West Deer Park
I was like 5, sit in my mama lap while she would drive
Police would knock on the door, I would hide
Then they would talk to me and I would lie
Hopin' I, don't die on this side of a .45
Then they would handcuff my mama and take her away
Over down on the driveway
Fast forward a couple of years and I'm bumpin' that Sade
Fast forward a couple of more and I'm bumpin' that "My Way"
By Sinatra, so high, so high, oh my, God damn
Now I'm a grown man, oh man
What the fuck done happened to the plan
I know, as soon as I write this I might just go crazy
Anything but lazy, I can't sleep
'Cause if I do, there's another motherfucker wide awake on the creep
Tryna kill you and he will too
We livin' like civilized people, but far from equal
I hope I live a long life and get to see my sequel
My son, my seed
Watch 'em grown and then watch 'em lead
Let me proceed, bumpin' that that Californication, by the Red Hot
Fuck around and then hit 'em with a red dot
Y'all better not me fuckin' with me
Who, him? Yeah, me, I be the God MC

Jesse Boykins III:
Follow me to paradise
Follow, follow me
Follow me to paradise
Follow me to paradise
Follow, follow me
Follow me to paradise

Part II

I remember my life long ago in my adolescence
I could feel the presence in my residence
Hesitant even thought it was evident
I should get the fuck
I know something is wrong
Yeah, I know something is wrong
Feel like my mind gone
I know I play along, I might drown in this song
Huh, I'm so focused, huh, I know you know this
Uh, when I make a move and feel like no one notice
Uh, when I quit my job, uh, I fuckin' noticed
Shit maybe then I'm noticed, huh, but maybe not
Feel like this minimum wage is contagious
So outrageous my age is on my mind
Walking to work and I go blind
Sippin' on that Koolaid, gettin' big wig money, that's toupée
Look around and see people with no class, like snow on a school day
Y'all can't do what I do, do what I do
Starin' out this window like, like Erykah Badu
Livin' life how I do is crazy
This shit never amaze me
But I still let it phase me and I don't know why
All I know is my mind racing
A million miles a minute, the second I'm in it yeah I be pacing
Bitch I'm back again
Been here since way back when, now let that shit begin

This album 2 but this song was written before the first
My mind racing, I'm sick of pacing, I feel the thirst
Of those around me that down me and pray on my demise
But it only makes it that much better when I rise

This for the people that been through it and couldn't do it
Had a vision but blew it, while haters screaming "I knew it!"
This is real, so real
The type of shit that make you feel like you gotta kill
Most of these people will never hit fruition
Paying tuition when they should've just listened their intuition
Now they wishing they was switching up their lifestyle
All alone with no one to dial
I'm just a man, I got problems, understand
This is all I ever wanted, yes I do it for the fans
And I ain't perfect
I've questioned if this life was even worth it
Cause all the people care about is what lies on the surface
And my purpose is to do it like it ain't never been done
Always keep it real and remember where I'm from, now

This album 2 but this song was written before the first
My mind racing, I'm sick of pacing, I feel the thirst
Of those around me that down me and pray on my demise
But it only makes it that much better when I riseI've been workin' like I've never been
I struggle every day but I just can't let the devil in
And if I knew back then what I know right now
What I know right now
I'd be better than I've ever been, better than I've ever been

You ever wonder what it all really means?
Heart full of dreams, I know I'mma do it, go get it by any means
Serving food for the thought like it's rock to the fiends
I said this shit for years boy, this life ain't what it seems
Sayin' that you can't just solidifies that you never will
Said you would, said you could, but you ain't got the skill
You gotta climb the highest mountain to master the hill
You gotta climb over your ego to master your will
Gave up on your dreams for a suit and a pension
God damn, I hope you're here for the intervention
You say you would if you had the money, don't make me mention
That it'll cost nothin' but time for you to pay attention
Now don't get me wrong
I know there's people out there hatin' on ya
And it feel like your self-esteem is breakin' on ya
All they ever seem to do is hate when you speak
They spend seven days preyin' on the weak
I know the world sleepin' on ya like a sedative
Talk all you want about me homie, I'mma let it live
Hater this, hater that, say I sound repetitive
Hatin' in your blood, you was born to be negative

Never been
I struggle every day but I just can't let the devil in
And if I knew back then what I know right now
What I know right now
I'd be better than I've ever been, better than I've ever been

This is dedicated to everyone that never made it
And the people that persevered even though they was hated
They had a dream and a vision that they follow like a religion
But on the real the road to success is prone to collision
And every now and then something happens that's unexpected
Like that newborn in your life because you fuckin' unprotected
And I swear nobody perfect, hell I know I ain't
Yeah I know this verse is heaven sent but I'm far from a saint
Live a life with no complaints, tryna do just what I can
Learn from my father's mistakes and become a better man
Now plant a seed and watch 'em grow, teach 'em everything I know
Show him how to fight his battles and always go toe to toe
And this I know 'cause I been high, low, right, wrong
But I had to do it all just so I could write this song
I spit knowledge like the listener is my only son
And grip the mic like I'm at war and it's my only gun
Sometimes this journey to the top can be a lonely one
Yeah, and this victory lap a lonely run
While my hometown screamin' you the chosen one
Tellin' myself, don't choke, don't be the frozen one

I've been workin' like I've never been
I struggle every day but I just can't let the devil in
And if I knew back then what I know right now
What I know right you
I'd be better than I've ever been, better than I've ever been
I've been workin' like I've never been
I struggle every day but I just can't let the devil in
And if I knew back then what I know right now
What I know right now
I'd be better than I've ever been, better than I've ever been
I've been workin' like I've never been
I struggle every day but I just can't let the devil in
And if I knew back then what I know right now
I'd be better than I've ever been, better than I've ever been

Um, you like that take? I like it
Yeah, should I make it more swirly though, or...
I think it's good, hey Bobby run it!Me and my team gotta intervene
What's the point of living if you ain't living a dream?
We live in a world where everybody want everything
Everybody want a better thing
Tryna fool ya like it's picture perfect but it's just the editing
Man, the game been waiting for a better king
I've been posted with my Queen like Coretta King
Screaming "Money ain't a thing", cause it ain't
Man, I never knew that living out a dream meant living out a suitcase
I've been working at a new pace
So much money on the road I ain't even had a minute
Not a single second chilling in my new place
Motherfuckers getting two-faced
Cause a brother finally eating
Not to mention everybody gettin' two plates
You know I only got two traits
Drop hits, get money
Run it

What the fuck is there left to talk about
I told them my vision, let 'em know what it's all about
Industry only respect me because I'm ballin' out
You never know who there for you until you fallin' out
And that's the reason I've been in the kitchen
Working on that nutrition, now let 'em listen
Boy this been my house
This is merely an addition, fuck 'em and their permission
They was killin' the game, who the one that gave 'em remission?
You know the name
Who else you know on the come up, do it like I does it
Lyrics all up in your skull like when the barber buzz it
Say my last shit a classic, and I wonder was it?
Come to think about it everybody seemed to love it
I was workin' on a budget
Second time around shit is different cuh they know that boy good, know he does it
I've been at it for the people that been lovin' my shit
Not the people that been hating, they can suck my dick
Run it

I'ma do somethin' different for the last one
I'ma go in

Feelin' like Matthew McConaughey on a Interstellar mission
In Chicago at the bottom of the Riviera
I wonder who I would be if I wasn't in my era
I gotta beware of the people but I take care of the people when I jump in the cockpit and rock it
Been done, had this in my pocket
I had to wait to unlock it
Open that locket and see the picture I painted
No we ain't never acquainted
On the rise like a defendant
That was charged with possession like an exorcism
My division is solely my vision
God damn can you feel it? Uh
I had a dream I would run the game and kill it
Had a dream, can you feel it?
Motherfucker wanna push it to the limit
Get up in it, make the shit infinite
Yeah you know I wanna win it, on my independent
I've been at it like an addict
Never at the party like I'm democratic
'Lotta static on the radio
Fuck everything that they represent
This right here is heaven sent, never irrelevant
No never when I slide up in the spot
Just a youngin' in the game
Tryna show 'em what I got, way back
That was the mentality, never truly reality
Looking for validation
With all the wrong things on my mind for motivation
Just chillin' at the crib on a Playstation
'Cause I never thought about it, never thought that people would have a song like mine in their rotation
Till I wised up, got 'em sized up
Ready to go, I'm feelin' fired up
Man it's been a good ride up
Everybody want me to lace 'em, I'm too tied up
This a ransom
Fist full of money then we head back to the mansion
30 thousand people in the crowd, we expanding
Couple years back you ain't give a damn
Autographs, off the plane whenever I land
All part of the plan
Anything you wanna do you can
Just go and get it, fuck 'em if they don't love 'em
Be above it unless you're thinking your profession gon' be rap
Matter fact you should take a step back
'Cause I run itKAI: What'd you wanna be when you grew up?

THOMAS: Honestly, a musician

KAI: What?

THOMAS: I know man crazy right

KAI: Nah, what's crazy is original music hasn't been created since Earth

THOMAS: I know man. Lucidity

KAI: What?

THOMAS: Back then people had dreams and achieved them in a state of total consciousness. Shit we took for granted was obvious: water, food supply. It's insane to think everyday life for everyone in Babel is the quest for Paradise. I dunno, I guess that's what I'm looking for

KAI: What, being able to make music?

THOMAS: Not just that. If the laws are abolished following the migration - we're free dude

KAI: We're not slaves, Thomas

THOMAS: We aren't? You can't do anything outside the cause, not really. That's why we watch the same movies and listen to the same music. I mean don't get me wrong the catalogue is incredible, but we need... I don't know

THALIA: Something more?

THOMAS: Yeah, somethin' moreGet 'em

Living life on the east coast
Way back in the day trying to beat most
Anybody that wanna do what I do
Well let me keep it one hunna with you
It ain't about that
Ain't about Hip Hop
Ain't about Rap
Take a minute, hold up, wait, now use your cap
Chicago, know I'mma snap
Nah this ain't no basic rap

And so they wonder who am I, so high
I said they wonder who am I, so high

Back again, never outside so I'm acting in
I laugh again when they don't understand what I mean, bias
Everybody seen by us
Everybody wanna live a life like this
Man fuck that, do what's good for your family
Make music like there's no Grammy
For that last line they might ban me
I don't give a fuck though
'Cause I am me
From Beijing to Miami
I'mma just do what I do with my crew
Ain't no telling what I'm finna do
But I promise that I'mma keep writing for you
And I know what to do
Everything right here for you
Only for you, depending on what you gonna do

It's all for you
It's all for you
Who am I, so high
I said they wonder who am I, so high

Let me take the time to find the rhyme
And know that I'm the only one
To find the one the time is done
Beyond the sky, beyond the sun
There is no one besides the only one
And you know I gotta let 'em know
If you love it, let it go
At an all time low and all I know is, all I know
I do what I love
Came from below and then rose up above
Created a world no one has been to
Everything that I'm into
Everything that I've been through
Bring it back like, let it shine like a Bat Light
Reminiscing on that night
Gotta take flight
Everybody probably wonder what I'm living like
In the middle of the night I might write
Despite what they say is right and wrong
Despite they wonder (wonder)

Who am I, so high
I said they wonder who am I, so high

We'd like to be painters, we'd like to be poets. We'd like to be writers, but as everybody knows we can't earn any money that way. What do you want to do? When we finally got down to something which the individual says he really wants to do, I will say to him you do that... and uhm, forget the money. If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you will spend your life completely wasting your time

You'll be doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing things you don't like doing, which is stupid
It is absolutely stupid
Better to have a short life that is full of what you like doing than a long life spent in a miserable way. And after all, if you do really like what you're doing, it doesn't matter what it is - somebody is interested in everything, anything you can be interested in, you will find others will

But it's absolutely stupid to spend your time doing things you don't like, and to teach our children to follow in the same track. See what we are doing, is we're bringing up children and educating to live the same sort of lives we are living. In order that they may justify themselves and find satisfaction in life by bringing up their children to bring up their children to do the same thing, so it's all retch, and no vomit it never gets there. Therefore, it's so important to consider this question: What do I desire?

The Incredible True Story
And Transformation of the Man Who Saved the World

Thalia:
Surface contact in 400 meters
300 meters
200 meters
Time of day is 6:28 Constant Meridian
328 feet
Oxygen: 100%
Temperature is 17 degrees Celsius

William Kai: Man what are the chances that there's some big ass creature out there that's going to eat us?

Thalia: 100%

(Laughing)

Kai: Fuck

Thalia: Clear Skies

Quentin Thomas: Kai which Tarantino film do you think Logic liked best

William Kai: I would definitely have to probably have to say Kill Bill

Thalia: 114 feet

William Kai: Man, stylistically he's like, what's the name of that bitch, the lead character I forgot her name but he's like that bitch with like some Kung-Fu shit, he's like with his raps. It's fucking crazy

Quentin Thomas: You know in... in Pulp Fiction I mean, the way Tarantino constructed his shots, it's the same feel for me with his raps you know there's thought behind it

William Kai: No I could see that, I could see that but. Nah man, fuck that man... Kill Bill was the shit, especially like knives throwing and dodging and shit, and then fucking hot chicks fucking fighting each other and cutting each other's heads off, what the fuck is that?

Quentin Thomas: Yeah... fuck it

Thalia: Prepare for surface landing

Quentin Thomas: You're right, hot chicks and Kung-Fu, can't beat that

William Kai: Yeah, can't beat that at all

Thalia: Surface contact in 10... 9... 8... 7... 6... 5... 4... 3... 2... 1

William Kai: Are you ready for this?

Quentin Thomas: Are you? Wait wait, what's that sound?

Thalia: Life