the sovereigns why they are sending ambassadors to compliment the usurper. and sighing disdainfully he again changed his position. prince hippolyte who had been gazing at the vicomte for some time through his lorgnette suddenly turned completely round toward the little princess and having asked for a needle began tracing the conde coat of arms on the table. he explained this to her with as much gravity as if she had asked him to do it. baton de gueules engrele de gueules dazurmaison conde said he. the princess listened smiling. if buonaparte remains on the throne of france a year longer the vicomte continued with the air of a man who in a matter with which he is better acquainted than anyone else does not listen to others but follows the current of his own thoughts things will have gone too far. by intrigues violence exile and executions french societyi mean good french societywill have been forever destroyed and then. he shrugged his shoulders and spread out his hands. pierre wished to make a remark for the conversation interested him but anna pavlovna who had him under observation interrupted the emperor alexander said she with the melancholy which always accompanied any reference of hers to the imperial family has declared that he will leave it to the french people themselves to choose their own form of government and i believe that once free from the usurper the whole nation will certainly throw itself into the arms of its rightful king she concluded trying to be amiable to the royalist emigrant. that is doubtful said prince andrew. monsieur le vicomte quite rightly supposes that matters have already gone too far. i think it will be difficult to return to the old regime. from what i have heard said pierre blushing and breaking into the conversation almost all the aristocracy has already gone over to bonapartes side. it is the buonapartists who say that replied the vicomte without looking at pierre. at the present time it is difficult to know the real state of french public opinion. bonaparte has said so remarked prince andrew with a sarcastic smile. it was evident that he did not like the vicomte and was aiming his remarks at him though without looking at him. i showed them the path to glory but they did not follow it prince andrew continued after a short silence again quoting napoleons words. i opened my antechambers and they crowded in. i do not know how far he was justified in saying so. not in the least replied the vicomte. after the murder of the duc even the most partial ceased to regard him as a hero. if to some people he went on turning to anna pavlovna he ever was a hero after the murder of the duc there was one martyr more in heaven and one hero less on earth. before anna pavlovna and the others had time to smile their appreciation of the vicomtes epigram pierre again broke into the conversation and though anna pavlovna felt sure he would say something inappropriate she was unable to stop him. the execution of the duc denghien declared monsieur pierre was a political necessity and it seems to me that napoleon showed greatness of soul by not fearing to take on himself the whole responsibility of that deed. dieu mon dieu muttered anna pavlovna in a terrified whisper. what monsieur pierre. do you consider that assassination shows greatness of soul said the little princess smiling and drawing her work nearer to her. oh oh exclaimed several voices. capital said prince hippolyte in english and began slapping his knee with the palm of his hand. the vicomte merely shrugged his shoulders. pierre looked solemnly at his audience over his spectacles and continued. i say so he continued desperately because the bourbons fled from the revolution leaving the people to anarchy and napoleon alone understood the revolution and quelled it and so for the general good he could not stop short for the sake of one mans life. wont you come over to the other table suggested anna pavlovna. but pierre continued his speech without heeding her. no cried he becoming more and more eager napoleon is great because he rose superior to the revolution suppressed its abuses preserved all that was good in itequality of citizenship and freedom of speech and of the pressand only for that reason did he obtain power. yes if having obtained power without availing himself of it to commit murder he had restored it to the rightful king i should have called him a great man remarked the vicomte. he could not do that. the people only gave him power that he might rid them of the bourbons and because they saw that he was a great man. the revolution was a grand thing continued monsieur pierre betraying by this desperate and provocative proposition his extreme youth and his wish to express all that was in his mind. what revolution and regicide a grand thing. well after that. but wont you come to this other table repeated anna pavlovna. rousseaus contrat social said the vicomte with a tolerant smile. i am not speaking of regicide i am speaking about ideas. yes ideas of robbery murder and regicide again interjected an ironical voice. those were extremes no doubt but they are not what is most important. what is important are the rights of man emancipation from prejudices and equality of citizenship and all these ideas napoleon has retained in full force. liberty and equality said the vicomte contemptuously as if at last deciding seriously to prove to this youth how foolish his words were highsounding words which have long been discredited. who does not love liberty and equality even our saviour preached liberty and equality. have people since the revolution become happier on the contrary. we wanted liberty but buonaparte has destroyed it. prince andrew kept looking with an amused smile from pierre to the vicomte and from the vicomte to their hostess. in the first moment of pierres outburst anna pavlovna despite her social experience was horrorstruck. but when she saw that pierres sacrilegious words had not exasperated the vicomte and had convinced herself that it was impossible to stop him she rallied her forces and joined the vicomte in a vigorous attack on the orator. but my dear monsieur pierre said she how do you explain the fact of a great man executing a ducor even an ordinary man whois innocent and untried i should like said the vicomte to ask how monsieur explains the th brumaire was not that an imposture it was a swindle and not at all like the conduct of a great man and the prisoners he killed in africa that was horrible said the little princess shrugging her shoulders. hes a low fellow say what you will remarked prince hippolyte. pierre not knowing whom to answer looked at them all and smiled. his smile was unlike the halfsmile of other people. when he smiled his grave even rather gloomy look was instantaneously replaced by another a childlike kindly even rather silly look which seemed to ask forgiveness. the vicomte who was meeting him for the first time saw clearly that this young jacobin was not so terrible as his words suggested. all were silent. how do you expect him to answer you all at once said prince andrew. besides in the actions of a statesman one has to distinguish between his acts as a private person as a general and as an emperor. so it seems to me. yes yes of course pierre chimed in pleased at the arrival of this reinforcement. one must admit continued prince andrew that napoleon as a man was great on the bridge of arcola and in the hospital at jaffa where he gave his hand to the plaguestricken but. but there are other acts which it is difficult to justify. prince andrew who had evidently wished to tone down the awkwardness of pierres remarks rose and made a sign to his wife that it was time to go. suddenly prince hippolyte started up making signs to everyone to attend and asking them all to be seated began i was told a charming moscow story today and must treat you to it. excuse me vicomtei must tell it in russian or the point will be lost. and prince hippolyte began to tell his story in such russian as a frenchman would speak after spending about a year in russia. everyone waited so emphatically and eagerly did he demand their attention to his story. there is in moscow a lady une dame and she is very stingy. she must have two footmen behind her carriage and very big ones. that was her taste. and she had a ladys maid also big. she said. here prince hippolyte paused evidently collecting his ideas with difficulty. she said. oh yes she said girl to the maid put on a livery get up behind the carriage and come with me while i make some calls. here prince hippolyte spluttered and burst out laughing long before his audience which produced an effect unfavorable to the narrator. several persons among them the elderly lady and anna pavlovna did however smile. she went. suddenly there was a great wind. the girl lost her hat and her long hair came down. here he could contain himself no longer and went on between gasps of laughter and the whole world knew. and so the anecdote ended. though it was unintelligible why he had told it or why it had to be told in russian still anna pavlovna and the others appreciated prince hippolytes social tact in so agreeably ending pierres unpleasant and unamiable outburst. after the anecdote the conversation broke up into insignificant small talk about the last and next balls about theatricals and who would meet whom and when and where. chapter vi having thanked anna pavlovna for her charming soiree the guests began to take their leave. pierre was ungainly. stout about the average height broad with huge red hands he did not know as the saying is how to enter a drawing room and still less how to leave one that is how to say something particularly agreeable before going away. besides this he was absent minded. when he rose to go he took up instead of his own the generals threecornered hat and held it pulling at the plume till the general asked him to restore it. all his absentmindedness and inability to enter a room and converse in it was however redeemed by his kindly simple and modest expression. anna pavlovna turned toward him and with a christian mildness that expressed forgiveness of his indiscretion nodded and said i hope to see you again but i also hope you will change your opinions my dear monsieur pierre. when she said this he did not reply and only bowed but again everybody saw his smile which said nothing unless perhaps opinions are opinions but you see what a capital goodnatured fellow i am. and everyone including anna pavlovna felt this. prince andrew had gone out into the hall and turning his shoulders to the footman who was helping him on with his cloak listened indifferently to his wifes chatter with prince hippolyte who had also come into the hall. prince hippolyte stood close to the pretty pregnant princess and stared fixedly at her through his eyeglass. go in annette or you will catch cold said the little princess taking leave of anna pavlovna. it is settled she added in a low voice. anna pavlovna had already managed to speak to lise about the match she contemplated between anatole and the little princess sisterinlaw. i rely on you my dear said anna pavlovna also in a low tone. write to her and let me know how her father looks at the matter. au revoir and she left the hall. prince hippolyte approached the little princess and bending his face close to her began to whisper something. two footmen the princess and his own stood holding a shawl and a cloak waiting for the conversation to finish. they listened to the french sentences which to them were meaningless with an air of understanding but not wishing to appear to do so. the princess as usual spoke smilingly and listened with a laugh. i am very glad i did not go to the ambassadors said prince hippolyte so dull. it has been a delightful evening has it not delightful they say the ball will be very good replied the princess drawing up her downy little lip. all the pretty women in society will be there. not all for you will not be there not all said prince hippolyte smiling joyfully and snatching the shawl from the footman whom he even pushed aside he began wrapping it round the princess. either from awkwardness or intentionally no one could have said which after the shawl had been adjusted he kept his arm around her for a long time as though embracing her. still smiling she gracefully moved away turning and glancing at her husband. prince andrews eyes were closed so weary and sleepy did he seem. are you ready he asked his wife looking past her. prince hippolyte hurriedly put on his cloak which in the latest fashion reached to his very heels and stumbling in it ran out into the porch following the princess whom a footman was helping into the carriage. princesse au revoir cried he stumbling with his tongue as well as with his feet. the princess picking up her dress was taking her seat in the dark carriage her husband was adjusting his saber prince hippolyte under pretense of helping was in everyones way. allow me sir said prince andrew in russian in a cold disagreeable tone to prince hippolyte who was blocking his path. i am expecting you pierre said the same voice but gently and affectionately. the postilion started the carriage wheels rattled. prince hippolyte laughed spasmodically as he stood in the porch waiting for the vicomte whom he had promised to take home. well mon cher said the vicomte having seated himself beside hippolyte in the carriage your little princess is very nice very nice indeed quite french and he kissed the tips of his fingers. hippolyte burst out laughing. do you know you are a terrible chap for all your innocent airs continued the vicomte. i pity the poor husband that little officer who gives himself the airs of a monarch. hippolyte spluttered again and amid his laughter said and you were saying that the russian ladies are not equal to the french one has to know how to deal with them. pierre reaching the house first went into prince andrews study like one quite at home and from habit immediately lay down on the sofa took from the shelf the first book that came to his hand it was caesars commentaries and resting on his elbow began reading it in the middle. what have you done to mlle scherer she will be quite ill now said prince andrew as he entered the study rubbing his small white hands. pierre turned his whole body making the sofa creak. he lifted his eager face to prince andrew smiled and waved his hand. that abbe is very interesting but he does not see the thing in the right light. in my opinion perpetual peace is possible buti do not know how to express it. not by a balance of political power. it was evident that prince andrew was not interested in such abstract conversation. one cant everywhere say all one thinks mon cher. well have you at last decided on anything are you going to be a guardsman or a diplomatist asked prince andrew after a momentary silence. pierre sat up on the sofa with his legs tucked under him. really i dont yet know. i dont like either the one or the other. but you must decide on something your father expects it. pierre at the age of ten had been sent abroad with an abbe as tutor and had remained away till he was twenty. when he returned to moscow his father dismissed the abbe and said to the young man now go to petersburg look round and choose your profession. i will agree to anything. here is a letter to prince vasili and here is money. write to me all about it and i will help you in everything. pierre had already been choosing a career for three months and had not decided on anything. it was about this choice that prince andrew was speaking. pierre rubbed his forehead. but he must be a freemason said he referring to the abbe whom he had met that evening. that is all nonsense. prince andrew again interrupted him let us talk business. have you been to the horse guards no i have not but this is what i have been thinking and wanted to tell you. there is a war now against napoleon. if it were a war for freedom i could understand it and should be the first to enter the army but to help england and austria against the greatest man in the world is not right. prince andrew only shrugged his shoulders at pierres childish words. he put on the air of one who finds it impossible to reply to such nonsense but it would in fact have been difficult to give any other answer than the one prince andrew gave to this naive question. if no one fought except on his own conviction there would be no wars he said. and that would be splendid said pierre. prince andrew smiled ironically. very likely it would be splendid but it will never come about. well why are you going to the war asked pierre. what for i dont know. i must. besides that i am going. he paused. i am going because the life i am leading here does not suit me chapter vii the rustle of a womans dress was heard in the next room. prince andrew shook himself as if waking up and his face assumed the look it had had in anna pavlovnas drawing room. pierre removed his feet from the sofa. the princess came in. she had changed her gown for a house dress as fresh and elegant as the other. prince andrew rose and politely placed a chair for her. how is it she began as usual in french settling down briskly and fussily in the easy chair how is it annette never got married how stupid you men all are not to have married her excuse me for saying so but you have no sense about women. what an argumentative fellow you are monsieur pierre and i am still arguing with your husband. i cant understand why he wants to go to the war replied pierre addressing the princess with none of the embarrassment so commonly shown by young men in their intercourse with young women. the princess started. evidently pierres words touched her to the quick. ah that is just what i tell him said she. i dont understand it i dont in the least understand why men cant live without wars. how is it that we women dont want anything of the kind dont need it now you shall judge between us. i always tell him here he is uncles aidede camp a most brilliant position. he is so well known so much appreciated by everyone. the other day at the apraksins i heard a lady asking is that the famous prince andrew i did indeed. she laughed. he is so well received everywhere. he might easily become aidedecamp to the emperor. you know the emperor spoke to him most graciously. annette and i were speaking of how to arrange it. what do you think pierre looked at his friend and noticing that he did not like the conversation gave no reply. when are you starting he asked. oh dont speak of his going dont i wont hear it spoken of said the princess in the same petulantly playful tone in which she had spoken to hippolyte in the drawing room and which was so plainly illsuited to the family circle of which pierre was almost a member. today when i remembered that all these delightful associations must be broken off. and then you know andre. she looked significantly at her husband im afraid im afraid she whispered and a shudder ran down her back. her husband looked at her as if surprised to notice that someone besides pierre and himself was in the room and addressed her in a tone of frigid politeness. what is it you are afraid of lise i dont understand said he. there what egotists men all are all all egotists just for a whim of his own goodness only knows why he leaves me and locks me up alone in the country. with my father and sister remember said prince andrew gently. alone all the same without my friends. and he expects me not to be afraid. her tone was now querulous and her lip drawn up giving her not a joyful but an animal squirrellike expression. she paused as if she felt it indecorous to speak of her pregnancy before pierre though the gist of the matter lay in that. i still cant understand what you are afraid of said prince andrew slowly not taking his eyes off his wife. the princess blushed and raised her arms with a gesture of despair. no andrew i must say you have changed. oh how you have. your doctor tells you to go to bed earlier said prince andrew. you had better go. the princess said nothing but suddenly her short downy lip quivered. prince andrew rose shrugged his shoulders and walked about the room. pierre looked over his spectacles with naive surprise now at him and now at her moved as if about to rise too but changed his mind. why should i mind monsieur pierre being here exclaimed the little princess suddenly her pretty face all at once distorted by a tearful grimace. i have long wanted to ask you andrew why you have changed so to me what have i done to you you are going to the war and have no pity for me. why is it lise was all prince andrew said. but that one word expressed an entreaty a threat and above all conviction that she would herself regret her words. but she went on hurriedly you treat me like an invalid or a child. i see it all did you behave like that six months ago lise i beg you to desist said prince andrew still more emphatically. pierre who had been growing more and more agitated as he listened to all this rose and approached the princess. he seemed unable to bear the sight of tears and was ready to cry himself. calm yourself princess it seems so to you because. i assure you i myself have experienced. and so. because. no excuse me an outsider is out of place here. no dont distress yourself. good bye prince andrew caught him by the hand. no wait pierre the princess is too kind to wish to deprive me of the pleasure of spending the evening with you. no he thinks only of himself muttered the princess without restraining her angry tears. lise said prince andrew dryly raising his voice to the pitch which indicates that patience is exhausted. suddenly the angry squirrellike expression of the princess pretty face changed into a winning and piteous look of fear. her beautiful eyes glanced askance at her husbands face and her own assumed the timid deprecating expression of a dog when it rapidly but feebly wags its drooping tail. mon dieu mon dieu she muttered and lifting her dress with one hand she went up to her husband and kissed him on the forehead. good night lise said he rising and courteously kissing her hand as he would have done to a stranger. chapter viii the friends were silent. neither cared to begin talking. pierre continually glanced at prince andrew prince andrew rubbed his forehead with his small hand. let us go and have supper he said with a sigh going to the door. they entered the elegant newly decorated and luxurious dining room. everything from the table napkins to the silver china and glass bore that imprint of newness found in the households of the newly married. halfway through supper prince andrew leaned his elbows on the table and with a look of nervous agitation such as pierre had never before seen on his face began to talkas one who has long had something on his mind and suddenly determines to speak out. never never marry my dear fellow thats my advice never marry till you can say to yourself that you have done all you are capable of and until you have ceased to love the woman of your choice and have seen her plainly as she is or else you will make a cruel and irrevocable mistake. marry when you are old and good for nothingor all that is good and noble in you will be lost. it will all be wasted on trifles. yes yes yes dont look at me with such surprise. if you marry expecting anything from yourself in the future you will feel at every step that for you all is ended all is closed except the drawing room where you will be ranged side by side with a court lackey and an idiot. but whats the good. and he waved his arm. pierre took off his spectacles which made his face seem different and the goodnatured expression still more apparent and gazed at his friend in amazement. my wife continued prince andrew is an excellent woman one of those rare women with whom a mans honor is safe but o god what would i not give now to be unmarried you are the first and only one to whom i mention this because i like you. as he said this prince andrew was less than ever like that bolkonski who had lolled in anna pavlovnas easy chairs and with halfclosed eyes had uttered french phrases between his teeth. every muscle of his thin face was now quivering with nervous excitement his eyes in which the fire of life had seemed extinguished now flashed with brilliant light. it was evident that the more lifeless he seemed at ordinary times the more impassioned he became in these moments of almost morbid irritation. you dont understand why i say this he continued but it is the whole story of life. you talk of bonaparte and his career said he though pierre had not mentioned bonaparte but bonaparte when he worked went step by step toward his goal. he was free he had nothing but his aim to consider and he reached it. but tie yourself up with a woman and like a chained convict you lose all freedom and all you have of hope and strength merely weighs you down and torments you with regret. drawing rooms gossip balls vanity and trivialitythese are the enchanted circle i cannot escape from. i am now going to the war the greatest war there ever was and i know nothing and am fit for nothing. i am very amiable and have a caustic wit continued prince andrew and at anna pavlovnas they listen to me. and that stupid set without whom my wife cannot exist and those women. if you only knew what those society women are and women in general my father is right. selfish vain stupid trivial in everythingthats what women are when you see them in their true colors when you meet them in society it seems as if there were something in them but theres nothing nothing nothing no dont marry my dear fellow dont marry concluded prince andrew. it seems funny to me said pierre that you you should consider yourself incapable and your life a spoiled life. you have everything before you everything. and you. he did not finish his sentence but his tone showed how highly he thought of his friend and how much he expected of him in the future. how can he talk like that thought pierre. he considered his friend a model of perfection because prince andrew possessed in the highest degree just the very qualities pierre lacked and which might be best described as strength of will. pierre was always astonished at prince andrews calm manner of treating everybody his extraordinary memory his extensive reading he had read everything knew everything and had an opinion about everything but above all at his capacity for work and study. and if pierre was often struck by andrews lack of capacity for philosophical meditation to which he himself was particularly addicted he regarded even this not as a defect but as a sign of strength. even in the best most friendly and simplest relations of life praise and commendation are essential just as grease is necessary to wheels that they may run smoothly. my part is played out said prince andrew. whats the use of talking about me let us talk about you he added after a silence smiling at his reassuring thoughts. that smile was immediately reflected on pierres face. but what is there to say about me said pierre his face relaxing into a careless merry smile. what am i an illegitimate son he suddenly blushed crimson and it was plain that he had made a great effort to say this. without a name and without means. and it really. but he did not say what it really was. for the present i am free and am all right. only i havent the least idea what i am to do i wanted to consult you seriously. prince andrew looked kindly at him yet his glancefriendly and affectionate as it wasexpressed a sense of his own superiority. i am fond of you especially as you are the one live man among our whole set. yes youre all right choose what you will its all the same. youll be all right anywhere. but look here give up visiting those kuragins and leading that sort of life. it suits you so badlyall this debauchery dissipation and the rest of it what would you have my dear fellow answered pierre shrugging his shoulders. women my dear fellow women i dont understand it replied prince andrew. women who are comme il faut thats a different matter but the kuragins set of women women and wine i dont understand pierre was staying at prince vasili kuragins and sharing the dissipated life of his son anatole the son whom they were planning to reform by marrying him to prince andrews sister. do you know said pierre as if suddenly struck by a happy thought seriously i have long been thinking of it. leading such a life i cant decide or think properly about anything. ones head aches and one spends all ones money. he asked me for tonight but i wont go. you give me your word of honor not to go on my honor chapter ix it was past one oclock when pierre left his friend. it was a cloudless northern summer night. pierre took an open cab intending to drive straight home. but the nearer he drew to the house the more he felt the impossibility of going to sleep on such a night. it was light enough to see a long way in the deserted street and it seemed more like morning or evening than night. on the way pierre remembered that anatole kuragin was expecting the usual set for cards that evening after which there was generally a drinking bout finishing with visits of a kind pierre was very fond of. i should like to go to kuragins thought he. but he immediately recalled his promise to prince andrew not to go there. then as happens to people of weak character he desired so passionately once more to enjoy that dissipation he was so accustomed to that he decided to go. the thought immediately occurred to him that his promise to prince andrew was of no account because before he gave it he had already promised prince anatole to come to his gathering besides thought he all such words of honor are conventional things with no definite meaning especially if one considers that by tomorrow one may be dead or something so extraordinary may happen to one that honor and dishonor will be all the same pierre often indulged in reflections of this sort nullifying all his decisions and intentions. he went to kuragins. reaching the large house near the horse guards barracks in which anatole lived pierre entered the lighted porch ascended the stairs and went in at the open door. there was no one in the anteroom empty bottles cloaks and overshoes were lying about there was a smell of alcohol and sounds of voices and shouting in the distance. cards and supper were over but the visitors had not yet dispersed. pierre threw off his cloak and entered the first room in which were the remains of supper. a footman thinking no one saw him was drinking on the sly what was left in the glasses. from the third room came sounds of laughter the shouting of familiar voices the growling of a bear and general commotion. some eight or nine young men were crowding anxiously round an open window. three others were romping with a young bear one pulling him by the chain and trying to set him at the others. i bet a hundred on stevens shouted one. mind no holding on cried another. i bet on dolokhov cried a third. kuragin you part our hands. there leave bruin alone heres a bet on. at one draught or he loses shouted a fourth. jacob bring a bottle shouted the host a tall handsome fellow who stood in the midst of the group without a coat and with his fine linen shirt unfastened in front. wait a bit you fellows. here is petya good man cried he addressing pierre. another voice from a man of medium height with clear blue eyes particularly striking among all these drunken voices by its sober ring cried from the window come here part the bets this was dolokhov an officer of the semenov regiment a notorious gambler and duelist who was living with anatole. pierre smiled looking about him merrily. i dont understand. whats it all about wait a bit he is not drunk yet a bottle here said anatole taking a glass from the table he went up to pierre. first of all you must drink pierre drank one glass after another looking from under his brows at the tipsy guests who were again crowding round the window and listening to their chatter. anatole kept on refilling pierres glass while explaining that dolokhov was betting with stevens an english naval officer that he would drink a bottle of rum sitting on the outer ledge of the third floor window with his legs hanging out. go on you must drink it all said anatole giving pierre the last glass or i wont let you go no i wont said pierre pushing anatole aside and he went up to the window. dolokhov was holding the englishmans hand and clearly and distinctly repeating the terms of the bet addressing himself particularly to anatole and pierre. dolokhov was of medium height with curly hair and lightblue eyes. he was about twentyfive. like all infantry officers he wore no mustache so that his mouth the most striking feature of his face was clearly seen. the lines of that mouth were remarkably finely curved. the middle of the upper lip formed a sharp wedge and closed firmly on the firm lower one and something like two distinct smiles played continually round the two corners of the mouth this together with the resolute insolent intelligence of his eyes produced an effect which made it impossible not to notice his face. dolokhov was a man of small means and no connections. yet though anatole spent tens of thousands of rubles dolokhov lived with him and had placed himself on such a footing that all who knew them including anatole himself respected him more than they did anatole. dolokhov could play all games and nearly always won. however much he drank he never lost his clearheadedness. both kuragin and dolokhov were at that time notorious among the rakes and scapegraces of petersburg. the bottle of rum was brought. the window frame which prevented anyone from sitting on the outer sill was being forced out by two footmen who were evidently flurried and intimidated by the directions and shouts of the gentlemen around. anatole with his swaggering air strode up to the window. he wanted to smash something. pushing away the footmen he tugged at the frame but could not move it. he smashed a pane. you have a try hercules said he turning to pierre. pierre seized the crossbeam tugged and wrenched the oak frame out with a crash. take it right out or theyll think im holding on said dolokhov. is the englishman bragging. eh is it all right said anatole. firstrate said pierre looking at dolokhov who with a bottle of rum in his hand was approaching the window from which the light of the sky the dawn merging with the afterglow of sunset was visible. dolokhov the bottle of rum still in his hand jumped onto the window sill. listen cried he standing there and addressing those in the room. all were silent. i bet fifty imperialshe spoke french that the englishman might understand him but he did not speak it very welli bet fifty imperials. or do you wish to make it a hundred added he addressing the englishman. no fifty replied the latter. all right. fifty imperials. that i will drink a whole bottle of rum without taking it from my mouth sitting outside the window on this spot he stooped and pointed to the sloping ledge outside the window and without holding on to anything. is that right quite right said the englishman. anatole turned to the englishman and taking him by one of the buttons of his coat and looking down at himthe englishman was shortbegan repeating the terms of the wager to him in english. wait cried dolokhov hammering with the bottle on the window sill to attract attention. wait a bit kuragin. listen if anyone else does the same i will pay him a hundred imperials. do you understand the englishman nodded but gave no indication whether he intended to accept this challenge or not. anatole did not release him and though he kept nodding to show that he understood anatole went on translating dolokhovs words into english.